"The 'Abdominals Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on a ball or a Bosu ball with your feet firmly planted on the floor..2.Lean all the way back until you feel a stretch in your abdomen..3.Crunch upwards and hold for a 1-2 count..4.Slowly return to the starting position and repeat..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Fitness Stretch, Abs Exercise, How To Do A Abdominals Stretch Variation Four, How to do Abdominals Stretch Variation Four, beginner Stretches exercise, Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Abdominals Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your stomach on the floor with your forearms flat on the ground..2.Extend your elbows and push your upper body upwards..3.Push your upper body upwards until you feel a stretch in your abs, then return to the starting position and repeat..beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Abdominals Stretch Variation One, Fitness Stretch, Abs, How to do Abdominals Stretch Variation One, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Abdominals Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright..2.After completing the desired amount of reps with the left arm, switch to the right arm and lean to the left..3.Reach up with your left arm and then lean slowly to the right. Lean until a stretch is felt in the obliques..beginner Stretches exercise, Obliques, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Abdominals Stretch Variation Three, Obliques Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Ab Exercise, How to do Abdominals Stretch Variation Three, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Abdominals Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright..2.Reach with both hands upwards until you can interlock your fingers..3.With your hands above your head, lean back until a stretch is felt in the abdominals..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How to do Abdominals Stretch Variation Two, How To Do A Abdominals Stretch Variation Two, Fitness Stretch, Abs Exercise, Ab Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Obliques"\n"The 'Abductor Leg Raise Side Lying' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stabilise yourself in the side lying position, using your upper arm and under leg.2.Raise your upper leg till it is parallel to the ground. This is your starting point..3.Raise your leg and lower back to parallel for the specified amount of reps and/or sets.4.Feel your bum (glute med) and the lateral line of your leg worked.Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Abductor Leg Raise Side Lying Isometric' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stabilise yourself in the side lying position, using your upper arm and under leg.2.Raise your upper leg till it is parallel to the ground and hold isometrically for the specified amount of time..3.Feel your bum (glute med) and the lateral line of your leg worked.Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Leg Raise Side Lying' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stabilise yourself in the side lying position, using your upper arm and leg.2.Raise and lower your under leg for the specified amount of reps/or sets.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Leg Raise Side Lying Isometric' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stabilise yourself in the side lying position, using your upper arm and leg.2.Raise your under leg and hold isometrically for the specified amount of time.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Raise Side Lying Long Lever' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the side lying position, place your upper leg on a bench.2.Raise your hips off the ground by pressing your leg into the bench.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Raise Side Lying Short Lever' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the side lying position, bend your upper leg and place it on a bench.2.Raise your hips off the ground by pressing your leg into the bench.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Stretch Dynamic Standing Alternate' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, use a chair/bench/box for support.2.Transfer your weight towards one leg by bending the knee, while keeping the opposite leg straight and the foot on the ground.3.Feel a stretch on the inside of the thigh (adductor) of the straight leg.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Stretch Dynamic Unilateral 4 Point Position' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the 4 point position (all fours), extend one leg to the side, placing the foot on the ground..2.Start rocking your hips back and forth..3.You should feel your adductors and hip joint being stretched..4.Try to maintain a neutral spine.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Stretch Seated Bilateral Dynamic' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit against a wall and bring your feet together, letting the knees spread.2.Once you reach the end of your range, bounce the knees to feel a gentle stretch deep in your groin.3.Try to maintain a straight back while performing the exercise.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Adductor Stretch Seated Bilateral Static' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit against a wall and bring your feet together, letting the knees spread.2.Once you reach the end of your range, allow gravity to do the work.3.If you feel that gravity isn't enough, you can apply gentle downward pressure on your knees with your palms.4.Try to maintain a straight back while performing the exercise.Quad Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Alternating Bent Leg Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, legs bent and lifted off the ground..2.Lower one leg to the ground until your foot taps the ground, keep your other leg up..3.Alternate sides for the prescribed amount of reps..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Alternating Heel Touch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, knees bent, feet flat..2.Reach right hand to right heel..3.Switch sides, left hand to left heel. Repeat..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Ab Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Alternating Pole Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with the pole in front of you with an overhand wider than shoulder width grip..2.Rotate one arm overhead and behind while keeping the other arm in front of you..3.Then rotate the other arm..4.Bring the original arm back to the starting position, then the other arm. Repeat..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Shoulder Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Ankle Circle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit or stand, lift one foot slightly off the ground..2.Rotate your ankle in a circular motion..3.Complete the allotted amount of reps, then switch directions and repeat on the other foot..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Assisted Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a stick of some sort or hold onto something stable (rack, bench)..2.Grab a box that is knee height or slightly lower..3.Hold the stick in your right arm and put your right leg on the box..4.Begin your squat by breaking at the knees. Get your knee close to the floor or all the way to the floor. Make sure to keep your chest tall..Quads, How to do Assisted Bulgarian Split Squat, Bodyweight Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Balance, At Home Exercise, How To Do A Assisted Bulgarian Split Squat, Stability, Quads Exercise, Beginner, Split Squat"\n"The 'Backward Arm Circle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold your arms out to your sides..2.Rotate your arms backwards in small circles..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Band Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach band to a low anchor point. Point your palms straight forward..2.Flex your elbow until you feel your biceps contract. Then fully extend elbows..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Band Bayesian Curl, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, How to do Band Bayesian Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Bayesian Hammer Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach band to a low anchor point. Use a neutral grip..2.Flex your elbow until you feel your biceps contract. Then fully extend elbows..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Bayesian Hammer Curl, Band, Forearm Exercise, Arm Exercise, Forearms Exercise, How to do Band Bayesian Hammer Curl, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Bayesian Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach band to a low anchor point. . Point your palms toward your thighs..2.Flex your elbow until you feel your biceps contract. Then fully extend elbows..How to do Band Bayesian Reverse Curl, Bicep Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Band Bayesian Reverse Curl, intermediate Band exercise, Arm Exercise, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach band to a low anchor point..2.Take a few steps away until the band is taut..3.Lean back slightly. Raise your heels straight up and down.beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Leg Exercise, Band, Calves Exercise, How to do Band Calf Raise, How To Do A Band Calf Raise, Calves, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Secure two resistance bands to a sturdy anchor point (e.g. a door anchor, a post, etc.) at chest height..2.Stand facing away from the anchor point with feet shoulder-width apart and hold each end of the band in each hand..3.Start with arms fully extended and parallel to the floor..4.Keeping arms straight, slowly bring your arms together in front of your chest..Chest, Pec, How to do Band Chest Fly, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Band Chest Fly, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in the middle of the two bands with feet shoulder-width apart. Step forward with one foot to create tension in the bands..2.Hold one band in each hand, palms facing forward. Start the exercise with your arms extended in front of you, keeping a slight bend in your elbows..3.Lower your arms to the sides of your chest, maintaining control of the band..4.Push your arms back up to the starting position, keeping your core engaged and maintaining control of the band..How to do Band Chest Press, press, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, chest, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Band Chest Press, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Crunch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the band at the highest anchor point you have available. Grab both ends of the band and fall into a kneeling position..2.Push your hips back flexing at the spine..3.Squeeze your abs and then extend at the hips and spine back to the starting position..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How To Do A Band Crunch, How to do Band Crunch, Resistance Band Exercises, Abs Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart, with the band under both feet..2.Grasp the handles of the band with both hands, keeping your arms straight and extended in front of you..3.Keep your back straight, abs engaged, and shoulders relaxed as you curl your hands towards your shoulders, bending at the elbows..bicep, Biceps Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, How to do Band Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, How To Do A Band Curl, curl, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Face Pull' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band at eye level. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Use an overhand grip with both hands. Pull the band to the bridge of your nose flaring your elbows out..How To Do A Band Face Pull, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Shoulder Exercise, How to do Band Face Pull, Shoulders Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Floor Quad Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your front. Bend one leg, reach back and grab the foot with one arm.2.Pull the heel towards the glute to stretch your quad..3.You can use a band or stretch strap to do the same thing..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Band Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the band with one or 2 feet depending on how heavy you want the band to be..2.With your elbows extended raise your fists straight up to the ceiling until they are at eye level..beginner Band exercise, How to do Band Front Raise, How To Do A Band Front Raise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Glute Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get into a quadruped position. Loop the band around both of your wrists and one of your feet..2.Extend your knee and hip straight back until you feel like contraction in the glutes..3.Flex at the knee until back in the starting position..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Band Glute Kickback, Resistance Band Exercises, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Band, How to do Band Glute Kickback, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Glute Kickback Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach a band to a fixed point. Wrap the loose end of the band around your ankle..2.Face the attachment point. Shift you weight onto one leg (use balancing aids if needed)..3.Extend your working leg and maintain the position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Band Goblet Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width grip. Both feet should be on the band with the band looped over both hands..2.Push your butt back and also break at the knees..3.Try to hit parallel depth (bottom of your leg should be parallel with the ground). If you can't tell your squat depth, then try squatting in front of a mirror and watch your form..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Band, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Good Morning' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band at hip level. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Push your hips back while keeping your back flat until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Band, How to do Band Good Morning, Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Band Good Morning, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band High Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a band to a high point..2.Start with your feet staggered and your elbows high..3.Flex your elbows while keeping your arms high. Curl the band to your forehead..Biceps Exercise, beginner Band exercise, How to do Band High Curl, Resistance Band Exercises, biceps, Band, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Band High Curl, Bicep Exercise, curl, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band High Face Pull' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a band anchored to a high point. Stagger your stance..2.Pull the band to the bridge of your nose..face pull, How to do Band High Face Pull, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Band High Face Pull, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Band Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, rear delt"\n"The 'Band High Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with the band anchored to something high with your feet staggered and a neutral grip..2.Keep your elbows high. Curl until your fists are at your forehead..Band Exercise, beginner Band exercise, curl, Bicep Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Biceps Exercise, biceps, How To Do A Band High Hammer Curl, Arm Exercise, Band, How to do Band High Hammer Curl"\n"The 'Band High Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a band attached to a high point, your feet staggered, and an overhand grip..2.Flex your elbows pulling your forearms to your biceps. Your fists should land by your forehead..forearms, Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Band High Reverse Curl, Resistance Band Exercises, biceps, Band, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, How to do Band High Reverse Curl, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach the band around your ankle. Stand with feet hip-width apart, feet facing forward, and hands on hips..2.Lift your right leg away from your body to the side, keeping your knee straight. This is your starting position..3.Maintaining proper form, move your right leg as far to the side as you can, keeping your left leg planted firmly on the ground. Hold for a second and then return your right leg to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Hip Abduction, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, glutes, hip abduction, How to do Band Hip Abduction, Band, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Hip Adduction' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, inner-thigh' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach a band to a stable anchor point, such as a door handle or post..2.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and place the band around your ankles..3.Keeping your feet together, move your legs out to the sides and then back to the midline of your body. Repeat for the desired number of repetitions..inner thigh, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Hip Adduction, Glute Exercise, Band, How to do Band Hip Adduction, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach a band to an anchor point and face away from the anchor point..2.Loop the other end of the band around your hips..3.While keeping your knees extended, shift your hips back, then forward against the band..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Band Horizontal Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band at shoulder height. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Retract your shoulder blades straight back in schools. Then protract to the starting position..Traps (mid-back) Exercise, How to do Band Horizontal Shrug, How To Do A Band Horizontal Shrug, advanced exercise, Mid Back Exercise, Trapezius Exercise, advanced Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Traps Exercise, Band, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Internally Rotated Chest Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with both feet hip-width apart and step on the middle of the band with both feet. Hold the handles of the band in each hand and position the band above your chest, with your palms facing down..2.Keeping your elbows slightly bent, slowly raise your arms out to the sides until they are parallel with the floor. Make sure to internally rotate your shoulder joints by bringing your shoulder blades together and rotating your forearms inward towards your torso..3.Hold the position for a few seconds and then slowly lower your arms back to the starting position, keeping the internal rotation of your shoulder joints throughout the movement..Chest fly, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Internally Rotated Chest Fly, Band, Pec Exercise, Band Exercise, Pecs, How to do Band Internally Rotated Chest Fly, Chest Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, pecs"\n"The 'Band Knee Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach a band to a fixed point and wrap the loose end around your knee..2.Start in the standing position, facing the anchoring point and with the band already under tension..3.Allow the working knee to bend (the band will pull the knee), while shifting your weight onto the supporting leg..4.Shift your weight back onto the bentleg and fully extend the knee (pull the kneecap up).Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Band Kneeling Single Arm Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the band at about eye level. Fall into a kneeling position..2.The knee that is on the ground should be the same side as the working arm. Stick your chest out..3.And then pull your elbow straight back. Flex your lats and then extend into the starting position..beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Kneeling Single Arm Pulldown, Lats Exercise, Band, How to do Band Kneeling Single Arm Pulldown, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the band at shoulder width. Raise your arms straight out to the side..2.The band should scrape against your shirt..How To Do A Band Lateral Raise, Resistance Band Exercises, Shoulder Exercise, How to do Band Lateral Raise, Shoulders Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Leg Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Loop the band around a sturdy anchor point such as a weightlifting rack or a door handle..2.Lie on your back with your heels placed inside the band. Make sure the band is centered under your heels and your feet are hip-width apart..3.Using your hamstrings, curl your heels towards your glutes while keeping your hips on the ground..How to do Band Leg Curl, How To Do A Band Leg Curl, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Hamstring Exercise, Leg Exercise, Band, Hamstrings Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Leg Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a band to something stable and set up a bench..2.Run through the band underneath the bench and loop around your feet..3.Flex and extend your knees..Quad Exercise, beginner Band exercise, How To Do A Band Leg Extension, Leg Exercise, Quads, Leg Extension, Quads Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, How to do Band Leg Extension, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Leg Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with your head by the anchor point of the band, which should be 6 to 12 inches above your head.2.Place the band around your midfoot and extend at the knees and hip..Band, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Band Leg Press, advanced exercise, advanced Band exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, How to do Band Leg Press, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Low Lateral Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a band to a low point and stand with the band crossing your body..2.While keeping your elbow mostly extended, lift your arm until it's parallel with the floor..Shoulder Exercise, shoulders, Resistance Band Exercises, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Band, How to do Band Low Lateral Raise, lateral delt, Band Exercise, deltoid, intermediate Band exercise, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Band Low Lateral Raise"\n"The 'Band Mid Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a band to a point that is the same height as your fist when your arms are at your side and stand with the band crossing your body..2.While keeping your elbow mostly extended, lift your arm until it's parallel with the floor..beginner Band exercise, How to do Band Mid Lateral Raise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, deltoid, Resistance Band Exercises, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, lateral delt, Band, How To Do A Band Mid Lateral Raise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand between the two anchored bands, grasp them with an overhand grip, and position the bands at shoulder level..2.Brace your core and push the bands overhead, fully extending your arms..3.Lower the bands back to shoulder level, keeping your core engaged and arms straight. Repeat for desired number of reps..How To Do A Band Overhead Press, overhead press, Shoulder Exercise, deltoids, shoulders, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Band Overhead Press, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with one or both feet on band. Go up and over your head with the band to the starting position..2.Flex and extend your elbows..How To Do A Band Overhead Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise, advanced Band exercise, advanced exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, How to do Band Overhead Tricep Extension, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Pallof Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the band at an anchor point that is shoulder height. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Start with your fingers interlocked around the band and your fists connected to your chest..3.Extend at the elbows pressing the band away from your body until your elbows are fully extended..Band Exercise, beginner Band exercise, How To Do A Band Pallof Press, Ab Exercise, obliques, Resistance Band Exercises, Obliques Exercise, How to do Band Pallof Press, Band, Obliques, core"\n"The 'Band Pull Apart' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the band with a shoulder width grip. Point your arms straight in front of you..2.Retract your shoulder blades and shoulder joint until the band taps your chest..beginner Band exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Band Pull Apart, How to do Band Pull Apart, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Pullover' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the band just above our level. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Push your hips back slightly. Extend and flex at the shoulder joint..How to do Band Pullover, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Pullover, Lats Exercise, Band, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Pullthrough' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band to the lowest point possible. Straddle the band and then grab with both hands..2.Take a few steps away until the band is taut..3.Push your butt back until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings. Then extend the hips back into the starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Band Pullthrough, Hamstring Exercise, How To Do A Band Pullthrough, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the band just above eye level. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Push your hips back slightly. Extend and flex at the elbows..Tricep Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Arm Exercise, How to do Band Pushdown, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Band Pushdown, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Loop the band around your mid-back. The ends of the bands should be around your hands between your thumb and pointer finger..2.This exercise can be done from the knees or the toes depending on experience level..3.Begin by breaking at the elbows until your upper arm is by your side. Then extend at the elbows back into the top position..How to do Band Pushup, How To Do A Band Pushup, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Rapunzel Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band to a high point and face away. Hold the band with both hands, placing your hands shoulder-width apart and keeping your elbows close to your body..2.Slowly extend your arms downward, keeping your elbows close to your body. Push the band down as far as you can, feeling the contraction in your triceps..Tricep Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, triceps, How To Do A Band Rapunzel Pushdown, pushdown, How to do Band Rapunzel Pushdown, Band, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing between the two anchored bands with your feet shoulder-width apart and the bands positioned at a high point..2.Grasp the ends of each band with your hands, keeping your palms facing each other..3.Keeping your arms slightly bent and your back straight, slowly pull the bands away from your body until your arms are extended straight out to the sides. Hold for a second, then slowly release back to the starting position. Repeat for desired reps..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, posterior delt, How To Do A Band Rear Delt Fly, Resistance Band Exercises, rear delt, Shoulder Exercise, fly, Shoulders Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, How to do Band Rear Delt Fly, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing on the center of the band with both feet, shoulder-width apart..2.Hold the band with both hands, palms facing down, arms extended straight in front of you..3.Slowly curl your hands towards your shoulders, pulling the band tight, then lower your arms back to the starting position, keeping tension on the band throughout the exercise..Biceps Exercise, Forearms, How to do Band Reverse Curl, Resistance Band Exercises, How To Do A Band Reverse Curl, Band, Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on your band with both feet..2.Hinge forward at the hips while keeping a flat back..3.Hinge until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings..4.Push your hips back forward until you are in a standing position..How To Do A Band Romanian Deadlift, Butt Exercise, How to do Band Romanian Deadlift, Glutes Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Band, Hamstrings Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on your band with both feet..2.Hinge forward at the hips while keeping a flat back..3.Let your arms hang freely, then pull your elbows straight back toward the ceiling..How To Do A Band Row, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Lats Exercise, Band, How to do Band Row, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Shoulder Y Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold one end of a band with your arm to the side and behind your body..2.Hold the other end in front of your body (overhand grip)..3.Move your arm away from your body and upward while externally rotating your shoulder..4.Finish with your arm over your head and thumb up."\n"The 'Band Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the band under your feet. Stand upright..2.Elevate your shoulder blades and then depress back to the starting position..Trapezius Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Traps Exercise, How to do Band Shrug, How To Do A Band Shrug, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach the band to an anchor point that is about shoulder height. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Extend your shoulder joint and elbow across your body until your arm is fully extended..beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Band Single Arm Chest Press, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How to do Band Single Arm Chest Press, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Loop the band under one of your feet. The other end of the bed should be in your hand between your thumb and pointer finger..2.Press the band straight up towards the ceiling. Until your elbow is fully extended..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Trapezius Exercise, How To Do A Band Single Arm Overhead Press, Tricep Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Band, How to do Band Single Arm Overhead Press, Traps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Pec Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach the band to an anchor point that is about shoulder height. Take a few steps away until the band is taut..2.Extend your shoulder joint and bring your arm across your body until you feel a contraction in your pecs..How to do Band Single Arm Pec Fly, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, How To Do A Band Single Arm Pec Fly, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band to a high point. Go into a seated position..2.Grab the loop of the band and pull your upper arm to your side..Resistance Band Exercises, Lats Exercise, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold the band with your right hand, with your arm at your side..2.Flex and extend your elbow..Triceps Exercise, How to do Band Single Arm Pushdown, Tricep, Tricep Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Band Single Arm Pushdown, Pushdown, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor band to a stable point..2.Step back until there is no slack in the band and hold the end of the band with one hand..3.Pull through the elbow straight back..Resistance Band Exercises, Band Exercise, Lats Exercise, Band"\n"The 'Band Single Arm Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from a band which is anchored to a high point..2.Keep your elbow pointed forward, and extend and flex your elbow..How To Do A Band Single Arm Skullcrusher, Tricep Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, triceps, skullcrusher, Band, Arm Exercise, How to do Band Single Arm Skullcrusher, Triceps Exercise, intermediate Band exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Skullcrusher' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a band to a stable point..2.Face away and begin with your elbows bent and fists by your temples..3.Extend your elbows until your triceps contract..How To Do A Band Skullcrusher, advanced Band exercise, advanced exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Tricep Exercise, Band, How to do Band Skullcrusher, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Spanish Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a band to a stable point..2.Place the loops of the band behind your knees..3.Perform a normal squat and extend your knees against the band at the top..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Band Spanish Squat, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Band Spanish Squat, advanced exercise, advanced Band exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width grip. Both feet should be on the band with the band loops in each of your hand..2.Push your butt back and also break at the knees..3.Try to hit parallel depth (bottom of your leg should be parallel with the ground). If you can't tell your squat depth, then try squatting in front of a mirror and watch your form..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Band, How To Do A Band Squat, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Band Squat, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Squat Hold Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, quads, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band to a stable point..2.Take a half squat position and hold there..3.Perform a row while holding the squat position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Lats Exercise, Band, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Squat Hold Single Arm Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, quads, glutes' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band to a stable point and take a half squat position..2.Hold the band loop in one hand and pull your elbow straight back..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Band, Lats Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Standing Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Loop the band around your back. The two end loops in each of your hands..2.Extend your shoulder joint and elbow across your body until your arm is fully extended..Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Straight Leg Hip Flexions' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'rectus-femoris' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach a band to a fixed point..2.Wrap the loose end of the band around your ankle..3.Face away from the attachment point..4.Raise your working leg against the resistance..Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Band Tricep Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor the band to a stable point..2.Hinge forward. Extend and flex at the elbow..Resistance Band Exercises, Band, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Band Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Band Upright Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with one or both feet on one end of a band. Take a double overhand roughly shoulder width grip..2.Pull your elbows straight up the ceiling. Aim to get the band to chin level or slightly higher..Band, Shoulder Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Band Wood Chopper' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Anchor a resistance band securely to a sturdy object (like a pole or a door anchor) at a high point, above your head or at shoulder height. Stand sideways to the anchor point, with your feet shoulder-width apart, holding the end of the band with both hands.2.Stand far enough away from the anchor point to create tension in the band, with your arms extended towards the anchor. Your body should be slightly rotated towards the anchor, and your core engaged.3.Keeping your arms relatively straight (a slight bend in the elbows is fine), pull the band downwards and across your body towards the opposite hip, as if you are chopping wood. As you pull, pivot on your back foot and rotate your torso and hips to complete the chopping motion.4.Focus on engaging your obliques and core muscles to power the movement. Your gaze should follow your hands.5.Control the movement as you slowly allow the band to pull your arms back up to the starting position, resisting the tension. Do not let the band snap your arms back quickly.6.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions on one side before turning around and performing the exercise on the other side, anchoring the band from the opposite high point..Obliques, advanced Band exercise, advanced exercise, How to do Band Wood Chopper, Resistance Band Exercises, Band, How To Do A Band Wood Chopper, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Banded Side Walks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a band either just below or above your knees..2.Get into a quarter squat position..3.Step side to side without letting there be any slack in the band to keep tension on the band..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, Glute Exercise, Band, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Behind The Back Wrist Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight and hold the barbell behind you using a pronated grip with your hands and feet shoulder-width apart..2.Slowly curl your wrists in a semi-circular motion upwards..3.Hold the barbell at the apex of the motion and then slowly lower the barbell back down to starting position..Barbell Behind The Back Wrist Curl: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a barbell that is appropriate for your current level of strength.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent.Grasp the barbell with both hands and hold it behind your back.Make sure your elbows are straight and your palms are facing downwards.How to Perform.Keeping your elbows straight, slowly lift the barbell towards your wrist.Exhale as you lift the weight.Pause for a moment at the top of the movement.Slowly lower the barbell back to the starting position, inhaling as you do so.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.Technique.Make sure to keep your elbows straight throughout the entire movement.Do not allow your shoulders to shrug during the exercise.Keep your wrists in a neutral position, not letting them rotate during the movement.Focus on using only your wrist muscles to lift the weight, not your arms or shoulders.Things to Avoid.Using a weight that is too heavy for your current strength level.Allowing your elbows to bend during the movement.Shrugging your shoulders during the exercise.Letting your wrists rotate during the movement.Rushing through the exercise, instead focus on controlled movements.How to do Barbell Behind The Back Wrist Curl, intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Behind The Back Wrist Curl, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Behind The Neck Seated Overhead Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a roughly shoulder width grip. There should be a straight line from your elbow to fist (vertical forearms)..2.Push your head foward and press the weight toward the ceiling by extending at the elbow joint and flexing at the shoulder joint..3.Press until your elbows are extended and push your head forward slightly..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar..2.Lower the bar to your mid chest.3.Raise the bar until you've locked your elbows..Detailed How-To.Do Your Work Early (The Setup).Foot Placement.You can either be flat footed or just have toes on the ground. Either way, push your toes to generate some tension in your quads. Generating tension through your whole body will help you lift more weight..Torso Technique.Point your rib cage at the ceiling and pull your shoulder blades back really hard. Dig your shoulder blades into the bench. This will arch your spine somewhat. This is the only time it is ok to extend your spine. Because you are braced against the bench, the bench will soak up a lot of the tension that would otherwise fall on your lumbar spine..Grip.Grip width should be just outside of shoulder width. Make sure the bar is set very deeply in your hands. This will help prevent your wrists from getting extended, which will in run help you handle more weight safely..Performing The Bench Press.Un-rack the bar. Break at the elbows and bring the bar toward your rib cage, not chest. The bar path should be an arc like curve..Make sure the bar touches your rib cage before you initiate the concentric..At the top of the rep, extend your elbows but stop short of hyperextending as this could lead to an injury..When the rep is complete, slam the bar back into the rack, then lower into the hooks/cups..Ty's Tips.Timing is everything.As you perform the eccentric, you want to move under control, but not slowly. I've seen many times a client or friend miss a heavy rep on the bench press because they moved too slowly during the lowering phase. Moving slowly during the eccentric is usually caused by unsureness. Think about it, when you're lifting a heavy weight, and not sure if you are going to complete it, you move slower..Also, try to properly time out when you initiate the press. You should begin pressing back toward the ceiling as the bar is touching your sternum..Lift with confidence always! If you fail the rep, then you failed the rep. No big deal. Just keep it pushing and you'll get it at some point. This leads me to my second tip..No Shame in Asking For Help.Don't be hesitant to ask for a spot if you don't have a gym partner. Most people are happy to help. There's research showing that a lifter will perform better with a spotter. Your muscles won't be any stronger with or without a spotter of course. So why the improvement in performance? The confidence alluded to in the how-to section. Knowing someone is there to get the bar if you fail provides the security to allow you to lift with confidence..Just make sure you communicate before starting the set..First, ask them to give you a lift off. I've had many ask me for a spot then say they don't want a lift off. Never quite understood why. In many cases (unless you have very long arms), you will lose your shoulder blade retraction when trying to un-rack the bar. If your arms are mostly extended the only choice you have to un-rack is to protract your shoulder blades. The further you can get your shoulder blades pulled back the better. Retracting the shoulder blades also gives more room in the shoulder joint so it is generally a safer position..Also, let the spotter know how many reps you're going for so they know what to expect and don't jump in too early. Let them know whether or not you want help completing any reps. For example, ""I'm going for 10 reps, but I might fail around 8. If I can't get all the reps by myself, can you help me get the remaining ones?"".Although, I suggest once you hit muscular fatigue, you end your set. Once a muscle hits fatigue, doing additional reps does not induce more muscle growth, but does fatigue you more. Too much risk, not enough reward..intermediate Barbell exercise, Pecs, Chest Press, Pec Exercise, How to do Barbell Bench Press, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Bench Press, Chest, Bench Press"\n"The 'Barbell Bent Over Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats, forearms' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a barbell with a shoulder width pronated or supinated grip..2.Bend forward at your hips while maintaining a flat back..3.Pull the weight toward your upper abdomen..4.Lower the weight in a controlled manner and repeat..How To Perform The Barbell Row (Supinated) .Setting Up.Grab your barbell with an underhand/supinated grip. Stay with feet about shoulder width apart or a little more narrow. Push your butt back and hinge at the hips. Make sure you keep your back flat throughout the entirety of this exercise. Before beginning your set, let your elbows fully extend..The closer your torso is to parallel with the ground. The longer the range of motion will be during your row. The more vertical your torso is, the shorter the range of motion. It's extremely important to hinge as far forward as you can without rounding your back and maintaining that torso position for the entire set..Performing .Pull your elbows straight back toward the ceiling until the bar touches your torso. The bar should land somewhere between your belly button and your rib cage. Use the cue, ""squeeze the tennis ball."" Imagine you have a tennis ball in your armpits and when you perform each rep try to squeeze that tennis ball..On the eccentric, let your elbows fully extend before initiating the next rep. Ego lifting is very easy to do with the barbell row. If you find yourself having to bounce or use momentum to get the weight from point A to point B, the weight is too heavy. Your torso should maintain its horizontal position for the entire set..intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Bent Over Row, How to do Barbell Bent Over Row, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Block Conventional Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your mid-foot under the bar, plates should be on blocks, and grip the bar with your hands, about a shoulder width apart..2.Bend your knees, then lift the bar by straightening your back. It is important to keep your back straight..3.Stand to your full height and hold..4.Lower the bar to the floor by bending your knees and keeping your back straight..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Bradford Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a barbell at shoulder height with a pronated grip..2.Press the barbell over your head..3.Lower it behind your head, then return to the front. Repeat for desired reps..Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Find a box or bench that is roughly knee height or a few inches lower. (The lower the box is the lower the mobility requirement)..2.You can either place your toes or the top of your foot on the box. Point your front foot forward or slightly turned outwards and break at the knees and hips simultaneously..3.Aim to get your front leg to hit parallel depth (hamstring parallel with the ground) or lower..4.The further forward your front foot is, the longer the Range of Motion is at your hips. The further back your front foot is, the longer the ROM at your knees..Barbell Bulgarian Split Squat: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Start by positioning a barbell on a squat rack or in a landmine setup..Step under the bar and grasp it with a palms-forward grip, just outside of your hips..Lift the bar from the rack and stand with your feet hip-width apart and the barbell resting across your upper back..Take a large step forward with your right foot and place your left foot behind you, keeping it on a bench or elevated surface..How to Perform.Bend your right knee, lowering your torso towards the ground until your left knee almost touches it..Pause, then push through your right heel to return to the starting position..Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, then switch legs and repeat with your left foot forward..Technique.Keep your chest lifted and your core engaged throughout the exercise..Make sure your front knee stays directly above your ankle and doesn't move forward past your toes..Keep your weight evenly distributed between both feet, and avoid shifting too much weight onto your back foot..Inhale as you lower down and exhale as you push back up to the starting position..Things to Avoid.Avoid rounding your lower back or hunching forward as you lower down..Don't allow your front knee to collapse inward..Avoid shifting your weight too far forward onto your front foot, as this can put unnecessary strain on your knee..Don't let your back foot come off the bench or elevated surface during the exercise..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads, Bulgarian Split Squat, How to do Barbell Bulgarian Split Squat, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Bulgarian Split Squat, Glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Calf Jump' is a 'Advanced' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus, gastrocnemius' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent..2.Shift your weight onto the balls of your feet and raise stay flat footed. Using your calf muscles, mimic a jumping motion but don't leave the floor..3.Explode onto your tip toes and hold for a second..4.Bring your heels back to the floor then initiate the next rep..Calf, How to do Barbell Calf Jump, advanced exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Calf Jump, Calves Exercise, Explosive, Calves, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Calf Raises' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar on your back.2.Start with feet flat on the ground.3.Extend your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary, and pause at the contracted position..4.Slowly return to the starting position. Repeat..How To Do The Barbell Calve Raise.Setup.Place the barbell hooks just below shoulder height so you don't have to go up on your tippy toes to un-rack and re-rack the bar..Take a wider than shoulder width grip. Whatever is most comfortable. Shrug your shoulders up and press your upper traps into the bar. Break at the knees and hips and squat out of the barbell hooks. Take two steps back into a shoulder width stance with your toes facing forward..In our demo video, I am performing the exercise flat on the ground. You can get a longer range of motion by putting a plate or a small step in front of you to place the balls of your feet on. This will let you flex your ankles to a much greater extent..Performing.Start flat footed. Pull your heels up as high as your ankle range of motion will allow for. You should feel a hard contraction in your calf muscle. Spend an extra second in this contracted position before going back to the starting point..Be careful with this exercise. It can be alluring to use too much weight. If you are having trouble maintaining a neutral spine, or are unable to keep your knees mostly extended, then the weight is too heavy. Your central nervous system is very smart. If you approach this exercise with the mindset of simply getting from point A to point B, your nervous system will begin to recruit your quadriceps into the movement by slightly flexing and extending your knee joints..intermediate Barbell exercise, Calf Raise, Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, How to do Barbell Calf Raises, Calfs, How To Do A Barbell Calf Raises"\n"The 'Barbell Clean And Jerk' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, grip the bar just outside your knees. Pull the bar from the floor by driving through your legs, keeping your back straight..2.As the bar reaches your hips, extend explosively, shrug, and drop under to catch it in a front squat position with elbows high. Stand up tall..3.Dip slightly, then drive through your legs to push the bar overhead..4.Stabilize the bar overhead, lock arms, then bring feet together before lowering the bar safely..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Close Grip Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With a narrow grip on the bar, straighten your arms.2.Lower the bar to your lower-mid chest.3.Slowly raise the bar until you've locked your elbows..How To Perform The Close Grip Bench Press.Setting Up.Foot Placement.You can either be flat footed or just have toes on the ground. Either way, push your toes to generate some tension in your quads. Generating tension through your whole body will help you lift more weight. .Torso Technique.Point your rib cage at the ceiling and pull your shoulder blades back really hard. Dig your shoulder blades into the bench. This will arch your spine somewhat. This is the only time it is ok to extend your spine. Because you are braced against the bench, the bench will soak up a lot of the tension that would otherwise fall on your lumbar spine..Grip.Grip width should be exactly shoulder width.  Bringing your hands closer than shoulder width will not increase the range of motion at your elbows (the joint the triceps act on). And going any closer than shoulder width tends to only put more stress on your wrist and shoulder joints. If you are not sure what a shoulder width grip is, simply point both of your arms straight out in front of you. You can also lay on the bench and do this. Use the markings on the bar to make sure your hands are even as well. .Make sure the bar is set very deeply in your hands. This will help keep your wrists in a strong neutral position. Also, this will prevent your wrists from getting extended. .Performing The close Grip Bench Press.After you have un-racked the bar, you will initiate the rep by breaking at the elbows. Took your elbows very hard into your side. The bar should land lower on your torso than it does with a normal bench press. As you tap your torso with the bar begin to press the bar back up toward the ceiling in a J shaped arc. Make sure to extend (but not hyperextend) your elbows at the top of each rep..intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Close Grip Bench Press, How to do Barbell Close Grip Bench Press, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Coan Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and place a barbell on the floor in front of you..2.Bend at the hips and knees to grasp the barbell with an overhand grip, positioning your hands just outside of your hips..3.Keeping your back straight and your core engaged, lift the barbell off the floor by extending your hips and knees..4.As you lift the barbell, pull your shoulders back and squeeze your glutes to fully extend your hips at the top of the movement..Quads, Butt Exercise, Powerlifting, How To Do A Barbell Coan Deadlift, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Powerlift, How to do Barbell Coan Deadlift, Quads Exercise, Deadlift"\n"The 'Barbell Conventional Pause Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up for a standard deadlift, grip the barbell..2.Lift, pause at knee height..3.Hold briefly, then complete the lift; reset and repeat for desired reps..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.While holding the upper arms stationary, curl the weights forward while contracting the biceps as you breathe out..2.Continue the movement until your biceps are fully contracted and the bar is at shoulder level..3.Hold the contracted position for a second and squeeze the biceps hard..4.Slowly bring the weight back down to the starting position..**Detailed How To:**.- Grab the barbell with a shoulder width, underhand grip..- Flex at the elbows until your forearms press into your bicep (this will look different from person to person)..- Begin to extend your elbows and control the weight during the eccentric part of the exercise..- Make sure to fully extend your elbows at the end of the rep..- Repeat until you hit muscular fatigue (1-3 reps left in the tank).**Ty's Tips**.One of the drawbacks with a Barbell Curl is the bar limits Range of Motion somewhat. The bar will hit your legs before you can fully extend your arms. On most exercises, we want the longest Range or Motion possible. To remedy this,.Push your butt back a tad bit. This will give you a little more room to fully extend your elbows..Watch out for cheating. Using momentum often naturally happens with a Barbell Curl (and most Dumbbell curl variations). There is a move called the Cheat Curl popularized by Arnold himself. But consider that a separate exercise..Root your feet to the floor and use a mirror to watch your form. If your hips begin moving and you're unable to continue to perform reps without any hip movement, end the set..A 6-12 rep range works well for this exercise..Biceps, Curl, beginner Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Curl, Bicep Exercise, How to do Barbell Curl, Arm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Curtsy Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, barbell on your back, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the barbell on your back.2.Step your foot back and around while simultaneously bringing the weight down..3.Return to start and repeat on other leg..Barbell Curtsy Lunge: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Select a barbell and adjust the weight to a suitable level for your fitness level.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and your hands gripping the barbell, palms facing forward.Keep your back straight and your shoulders relaxed.Engage your core muscles to maintain balance and stability.How to Perform.Step your right foot diagonally behind you to the left, crossing it behind your left foot.Bend your left knee to lower your hips down towards the ground, keeping your right knee close to the ground.Return to the starting position by pushing through your left heel to stand up.Repeat the lunge on the other side by crossing your left foot behind your right foot.Perform the desired number of reps on each side.Technique.Maintain a straight back and keep your core engaged throughout the movement.Ensure your front knee does not extend past your ankle as you lower your body.Keep your weight distributed evenly between both feet.Focus on maintaining balance and control as you perform each rep.Things to Avoid.Avoid arching your back or hunching forward as you lower your body.Do not let your front knee extend too far past your ankle, as this can place unnecessary stress on your knee joint.Avoid rounding your shoulders or neck, and keep your gaze forward.Do not use momentum or swing the barbell to complete the movement.How to do Barbell Curtsy Lunge, Butt Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Curtsy Lunge, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your mid-foot under the bar and grip the bar with your hands, about a shoulder width apart..2.Bend your knees, then lift the bar by straightening your back. It is important to keep your back straight..3.Stand to your full height and hold..4.Lower the bar to the floor by bending your knees and keeping your back straight..Ty's Tips.My Deadlift, Not Yours.The deadlift involves many muscles, all of your limbs, and every load-bearing joint (ankles, knees, hips and shoulders) in your body. There are a lot of variables at play. So having hard-and-fast rules about deadlift form is nearly impossible..Your body is your body. That seems like an obvious fact, yet its one thats often overlooked when it comes to form..For example, two people who are the same height may have totally different torso and femur lengths..A person who has a short torso and long femurs will have a more hip-dominant pull, meaning that their butt will be higher in the air and most of the force will come from their glutes and hamstrings. Meanwhile, a person who has a long torso and short femurs would be able to get lower and involve their quads a bit more..Detailed How To.#1. Your stance.Conventional Deadlift Foot Placement: You can start with your feet shoulder-width apart. If youre not sure where this is, try this: Jump in the air 2-3 times. Where your feet land naturally is the proper stance for the conventional deadlift. Your toes should point forward or outward slightly..Set up so that the bar is about an inch to an inch-and-a-half from your shins. When you look down at the bar, it should be positioned right about the middle of your foot, blocking the laces of your shoes from view..#2. Your grip.Figuring out where to place your hands is quite simple. Just take a shoulder-width grip..Choosing how to grip the bar is a little more complicated, and may change throughout your workout. There are three main options:.Option #1: The double-overhand grip. This is the best grip most of the time. As you increase the amount of weight you can deadlift, youll eventually reach a weight where your grip strength becomes an issue. Thats when mixed grip comes in.Option #2: The mixed grip. Also known as one overhand, one underhand grip, this style allows you to pull heavier weights more easily. .Option #3: The hook grip. This grip is not very popular and for good reasonit hurts, but its not without benefits. The idea behind the hook grip is that you can use more weight than a double-overhand grip, since your thumbs act as hooks for the bar. But heres the thing: Much of the weight ends up pulling on your thumbs. The stress this places on the tissue, bones, and joints of your thumbs does not feel good. One way people attempt to eliminate the grip problem altogether is to use straps..Executing the Deadlift.You really only need to think about two things when you pull the bar:.Push off the floor.Keep everything tight (especially your core and lats).During a conventional deadlift, if you are thinking about pushing the floor away, it will help you generate tension throughout your hips and knees..Keeping your core, arms, and lats engaged will help you avoid rounding your spine, which is dangerous. DO NOT ROUND YOUR SPINE..When you reach the top of the rep, known as lockout, be careful.Some people seem to think that locking out means leaning back, but nothing could be further from the truth. Doing that hyperextends your knees and spine, which can compress those all-important spinal discs between your vertebrae. DO NOT HYPEREXTEND YOUR SPINE..The goal, really, is to just stand up..How To Do A Barbell Deadlift, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Lower back Exercise, How to do Barbell Deadlift, advanced exercise, Mid Back Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Lower Back Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Lower Back"\n"The 'Barbell Deficit Conventional Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your mid-foot under the bar, feet should be on a plate or elevated platform, and grip the bar with your hands, about a shoulder width apart..2.Bend your knees, then lift the bar by straightening your back. It is important to keep your back straight..3.Stand to your full height and hold..4.Lower the bar to the floor by bending your knees and keeping your back straight..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, bar on your back, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Drag Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a barbell with an underhand grip..2.Pull your elbows straight back and let the bar drag against your upper body (or very close to it)..Biceps Exercise, Long Head Bicep Exercise, Short Head Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the barbell placed over your hips, and cross one leg over the other..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..intermediate Barbell exercise, glute bridge, Glutes Exercise, How to do Barbell Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, glutes, How To Do A Barbell Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Barbell Feet Elevated Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the barbell placed over your hips..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..Butt Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, glute bridge, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the barbell placed over your hips. Raise one leg up and off the box..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..How To Do A Barbell Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge, Butt Exercise, glute bridge, advanced exercise, glutes, Glutes Exercise, How to do Barbell Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the barbell placed over your hips. Place one foot about 6-9 inches in front of the other..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..How to do Barbell Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge, intermediate Barbell exercise, glute bridge, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, glutes, How To Do A Barbell Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Barbell Figure Four Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put your shoulder blades on a bench and cross one leg over the other. Put one foot on a low box or plate..2.Start with your hips up..3.Drop your hips and then push your hips up toward the ceiling..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Figure Four Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put your shoulder blades on a bench and cross one leg over the other..2.Start with your hips up..3.Drop your hips and then push your hips up toward the ceiling..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Floor Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Un-rack the bar and break at the elbows and shoulders..2.Bring your elbows to the floor, rest for a second to remove all the momentum from the rep, then press to a lockout..Barbell Floor Press: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Start by selecting a barbell that is appropriate for your strength level and place it on the floor..Lie down on the floor with your back flat and feet flat on the ground. Grasp the barbell with both hands, using a grip that is slightly wider than shoulder-width apart..Raise the barbell off the floor so that it is directly above your chest, keeping your arms straight..Make sure your back is flat on the floor and that your neck and head are in a neutral position..How to Perform.Slowly lower the barbell to your chest, keeping your elbows close to your sides..Once the barbell touches your chest, pause for a moment and then press it back up to the starting position..Repeat for the desired number of repetitions..Technique.Keep your back flat on the floor and your elbows close to your sides throughout the entire movement..Focus on using your chest muscles to press the barbell, not your shoulders or triceps..Maintain a slow and controlled tempo, avoiding any jerking or bouncing movements..Make sure to inhale as you lower the barbell and exhale as you press it back up..Things to Avoid.Avoid arching your back or lifting your butt off the floor during the exercise, as this can cause injury to your lower back..Do not allow your elbows to flare out to the sides, as this places unnecessary stress on your shoulders..Avoid using too much weight, as this can cause you to lose proper form and increase the risk of injury..How To Do A Barbell Floor Press, advanced exercise, How to do Barbell Floor Press, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Forward Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold a barbell at your shoulders with an overhand grip..2.Step forward with your right foot and bend both knees to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position..How To Do A Barbell Forward Lunge, Quads, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Barbell Forward Lunge, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Barbell Front Rack Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, barbell in front rack, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Front Rack Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold a barbell at your shoulders with an overhand grip..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..3.Bring your left foot up onto the bench and stand up straight, keeping the barbell at your shoulders..4.Step back down with your left foot, followed by your right foot, to return to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Front Rack Step Up, advanced exercise, Step Up, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Balance, How to do Barbell Front Rack Step Up, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Front Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with an overhand grip on the barbell. Raise your arms until your fists are around eye level..2.Return to the start under control. This exercise is prone to using momentum when you begin to fatigue..Barbell Front Raise: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Begin by selecting a weight that is suitable for your level of strength and experience.Place the barbell on the ground in front of you, with the weight plates on either side of the bar.Grasp the barbell with a pronated grip, meaning your palms are facing down, and your hands are spaced roughly shoulder-width apart.Position yourself so that the barbell is resting on your thighs, and your knees are slightly bent.How to Perform.Lift the barbell up towards your chest, using your arms, and keeping your torso stationary.Pause briefly at the top of the movement, and then lower the barbell back down to the starting position in a controlled manner.Repeat the exercise for the desired number of repetitions, typically between 8-12 reps for each set.Technique.Make sure to keep your elbows slightly bent throughout the exercise, and avoid locking them out at the top of the movement.Keep your chest lifted and your shoulder blades pulled back, engaging your shoulder and upper back muscles.Exhale as you lift the barbell up, and inhale as you lower it back down.Keep your movements slow and controlled, focusing on proper form and technique, rather than lifting as much weight as possible.Things to Avoid.Avoid using momentum or swinging the weight, as this can lead to injury and decreased effectiveness of the exercise.Avoid over-extending your shoulders or lifting the barbell too high, which can cause strain on the shoulder joint.Avoid lifting the barbell too quickly or using too heavy of a weight, as this can result in poor form and decreased results.Avoid holding the barbell with a narrow grip, as this can put unnecessary stress on your wrist joints.How to do Barbell Front Raise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Front Raise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Front Squat Bodybuilding' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Measure your shoulders against the bar to make sure you're even. Throw your shoulders under the bar. The bar should be digging into your neck slightly..2.Make sure to push your elbows up to the ceiling for the entire rep. To make sure you don't get too pitched forward..3.Use the squat stance you would use for a back or goblet squat. Push your hips back to initiate the squat. Break at the knees until you hit parallel depth..4.Squat back up to a standing position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Front Squat Bodybuilding, Glutes Exercise, How to do Barbell Front Squat Bodybuilding, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Front Squat Olympic' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Measure your hands by the markings on the bar to make sure you're even. Then throw your elbows underneath the bar..2.The bar should be set so high on your shoulders it digs into your neck a bit. Make sure to push your elbows up to the ceiling for the entire rep. To make sure you don't get too pitched forward..3.Use the squat stance you would use for a back or goblet squat. Push your hips back to initiate the squat. Break at the knees until you hit parallel depth..4.Squat back up to a standing position..Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Barbell Front Squat Olympic, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Front Squat Olympic"\n"The 'Barbell Front Squat With Straps' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Measure your shoulders against the bar to make sure you're even. Wrap a pair of lifting straps around the bar. Hold the ends of the straps. Throw your shoulders under the bar. The bar should be digging into your neck slightly..2.Make sure to push your elbows up to the ceiling for the entire rep. To make sure you don't get too pitched forward..3.Use the squat stance you would use for a back or goblet squat. Push your hips back to initiate the squat. Break at the knees until you hit parallel depth..4.Squat back up to a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Full Front Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with an overhand grip on the barbell. Raise your arms until your fists are pointed toward the ceiling..2.Return to the start under control. This exercise is prone to using momentum when you begin to fatigue..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back on the floor with your knees bent and your feet flat on the ground. Place a barbell across your hips and grasp it with both hands..2.Keeping your arms straight, push through your heels to lift your hips off the ground and raise the barbell..3.Hold the bridge position for a moment, then slowly lower your hips back to the starting position..How to do Barbell Glute Bridge, beginner Barbell exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Glute Bridge, glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground with a bench behind you. Place both feet on a plate or low box. Have the barbell over your legs just above your hips..2.Lean back against the bench so that your shoulders are resting upon it, stretch your arms out to either side using the bench as support..3.Raise the weight by driving through your feet and extending your hips upwards. Support the weight with your shoulders and feet..4.Slowly extend as far as you can, and then slowly return to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Heels Up Back Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and your heels on a plate or low step..2.Bend your knees and lower your body into a squat position..3.Push through your heels to return to the starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Quads, advanced exercise, How To Do A Barbell Heels Up Back Squat, advanced Barbell exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad dominant, Glutes, How to do Barbell Heels Up Back Squat"\n"The 'Barbell Heels Up Front Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and feet on a plate. Place the bar in a front rack position..2.Bend your knees and lower your body into a squat position, keeping your heels raised off the ground..3.Push through your heels to return to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Heels Up Front Squat, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Squat, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Heels Up Front Squat"\n"The 'Barbell High Bar Good Morning' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar on your traps. You may need a pad so the bar doesn't dig into your cervical spine..2.Push your hips straight back. Your knees should stay MOSTLY extended (think soft knees). Also make sure to.3.Look for what feels like a stretch in your hamstrings. The stretch feeling means you're likely nearing the end of your Range of Motion without rounding your spine..4.When you feel the stretch push your hips forward until you're in a standing position..Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell High Bar Good Morning, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Barbell High Bar Good Morning, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell High Bar Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar on top of your traps..2.Push your hips back and break at the knees. Push your elbows forward to keep yourself from getting pitched too far forward..3.Aim to get your hamstrings to parallel with the floor..4.Push your heels into the floor and squat back to a standing position..Barbell High Bar Squat: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a barbell and weights that are appropriate for your strength level..Place the barbell on a squat rack at shoulder height..Stand facing the barbell with your feet shoulder-width apart..Grasp the barbell with both hands, positioning your hands slightly wider than shoulder-width apart..Step under the bar, positioning it on the back of your shoulders, just below the neck..Make sure the bar is securely positioned on your shoulders..Take a deep breath and tighten your core muscles..How to Perform.Begin by bending at the hips and knees, lowering your body down towards the ground..Keep your chest lifted and your back straight, making sure not to round your back at any point..Continue to lower your body until your thighs are parallel to the ground..Push through your heels to straighten your legs, returning to the starting position..Repeat for the desired number of repetitions..Technique.Keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the entire exercise..Make sure to keep your weight balanced evenly on both feet..Focus on pushing through your heels, rather than your toes, when returning to the starting position..Avoid allowing your knees to cave inwards, keep them aligned with your second toe..Things to Avoid.Rounding your back or allowing your chest to drop during the exercise..Allowing your knees to cave inwards..Using weights that are too heavy, leading to improper form or injury..Not engaging your core throughout the exercise..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Barbell High Bar Squat, Glutes Exercise, beginner Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell High Bar Squat, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell High Incline Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position the bench between 45 and 60 degrees..2.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar..3.Lower the bar to your mid chest.4.Raise the bar (slowly and controlled) until you've locked your elbows..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Barbell High Pull' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, grip the barbell slightly wider than shoulder-width, and keep your back straight..2.Drive through your legs, extending your hips, knees, and ankles explosively while pulling the barbell upward..3.As the bar rises, pull it close to your body, leading with your elbows until it reaches chest level..Butt Exercise, Mid Back Exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Traps Exercise, Lower Back, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Lower back Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground with a bench behind you. Have the barbell over your legs just above your hips..2.Lean back against the bench so that your shoulders are resting upon it, stretch your arms out to either side using the bench as support..3.Raise the weight by driving through your feet and extending your hips upwards. Support the weight with your shoulders and feet..4.Slowly extend as far as you can, and then slowly return to the starting position..Barbell Hip thrust Detailed How To:.Setup.Grab a box, (or a bench) that is roughly 18 to 24 inches in height. Grab some type of pad to go between your hips and the barbell. Getting the bar into place can be challenging depending on what you have access to. .If you've got access to a weighted barbell like in our demo video, either place the bar on your hips while seated on the box or bench and slide down until your shoulder blades are at the edge of the box. Or, slide into position, with the bar standing vertically next to you, then carefully tip the bar over you and onto your hips. .If you have plates that roll on the bar, it becomes a lot easier. In that instance, just roll the bar into place over your hips. .If you have the 12 sided plates (most gyms will have these), it's a lot more challenging. You'll have to get the bar as close to straight over your hips as you can and then scoot into position. .Once you have the bar in place on your hip bones, take your stance. Your feet should be about shoulder width apart, and toes facing forward. You don't want your feet too far forward or back. If your feet are too far forward, it will shorten the range of motion. If your feet are too far back you will turn the hip thrust into more of a quadricep movement. .Once you have your stance, grab the bar with either a double overhand or mixed grip. Your hands should only be keeping the bar in place as you perform the movement. Make sure your shoulder blades are pulled back and dug into the box. Now we initiate the hip thrust..Performing The Barbell Hip thrust.Force your hips as high as you can. Hip Thrust variations do something no other glute movements do. The tension is at its highest at the top of the movement when the glutes are in their contracted or shortened position. Therefore, the most important part of the hip thrust is the very top end of the range of motion. You will know you're in the right spot when you feel your glutes contract really hard..There is no need to touch your butt or the plates all the way back to the floor on each rep. Just go as low as you can without touching the plates back down to the floor. This will keep tension on your glutes..Glutes Exercise, advanced exercise, How To Do A Barbell Hip Thrust, advanced Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Hip Thrust, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Hooklying Bench Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, abdominals' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a bench press position with your feet planted on the bench and knees bent..2.Grasp the barbell with an overhand grip, positioning your hands slightly wider than shoulder-width apart..3.Lift the barbell off the rack and lower it to your chest, keeping your elbows close to your sides..4.Push the barbell back up to the starting position, fully extending your arms..How to do Barbell Hooklying Bench Press, Triceps, Chest, intermediate Barbell exercise, Bench Press, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Barbell Hooklying Bench Press, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Incline Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position the bench between 30 and 45 degrees..2.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar..3.Lower the bar to your mid chest.4.Raise the bar (slowly and controlled) until you've locked your elbows..Barbell Incline Bench Press: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a suitable weight for the barbell and place it on the incline bench.Lie down on the bench with your feet firmly planted on the floor.Grip the barbell with your palms facing away from your body.Lift the barbell off the rack and hold it above your chest with straight arms.Take a deep breath and brace your core.How to Perform.Lower the barbell towards your chest, keeping your elbows close to your body.Pause for a moment at the bottom of the movement and then push the barbell back up to the starting position.Repeat the movement for the desired number of repetitions.Technique.Keep your shoulder blades squeezed together throughout the exercise.Maintain a slight arch in your lower back to avoid excessive rounding.Do not allow the barbell to drift away from your chest.Focus on engaging your chest muscles throughout the movement.Exhale at the top of the movement and inhale at the bottom.Things to Avoid.Using too much weight that results in poor form.Allowing your elbows to flare out during the exercise.Rounding your lower back during the movement.Bouncing the barbell off your chest.Neglecting to warm up adequately before performing the exercise.intermediate Barbell exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How to do Barbell Incline Bench Press, How To Do A Barbell Incline Bench Press, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Jefferson Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up a barbell on the floor. Stand with your feet on either side of the barbell, straddling it, with one foot slightly in front of the bar and the other slightly behind. Your feet should be fairly close to the barbell.2.Bend at your knees and hips to grasp the barbell with an alternating grip (one palm facing forward, one palm facing back), with your hands positioned inside your legs, between your feet. Ensure your back is straight and your chest is up.3.Take a deep breath, brace your core, and keep your back straight. Drive through your heels, extending your hips and knees simultaneously to lift the barbell off the floor.4.As you stand up, pull the barbell in a straight line, keeping it close to your body. Focus on squeezing your glutes at the top of the movement without hyperextending your lower back.5.Slowly lower the barbell back to the floor by hinging at your hips and bending your knees, maintaining control and a straight back throughout the descent.6.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions. For the next set, you can switch which foot is forward and which is back to work both sides evenly.."\n"The 'Barbell Kickstand Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, one foot slightly behind. Bar on your back..2.Lower into a squat, keeping weight on front heel..3.Return to standing, engaging glutes and core..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Landmine Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position a barbell in a landmine or corner of a room and stand facing it with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Grasp the end of the barbell with a neutral grip, keeping your arms straight and your shoulders relaxed..3.Bend at the hips and knees to lower your torso until it is almost parallel to the ground..4.Pull the barbell towards your chest, squeezing your shoulder blades together as you row the weight up..How to do Barbell Landmine Row, Row, Mid Back Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Landmine Row, intermediate Barbell exercise, Lats Exercise, Biceps, Lats, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Landmine, Pull"\n"The 'Barbell Landmine Side Bend' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight and hold the end of the Barbell.2.Keep your hips and shoulders facing forward, bend to one side slowly.3.Return to the upright position..4.Switch hands and repeat..Setup.To set up for a barbell landmine side bend exercise, you will need a barbell and a landmine attachment. If you do not have a landmine attachment, you can also use a sandbag, a heavy bag, or a bench..Foot Placement.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and your side to the barbell..How to do a Barbell Landmine Side Bend.Grasp the barbell with both hands, keeping your arms straight and your hands shoulder-width apart..Lift the barbell off the ground and hold it in front of your hips, keeping your arms straight and your core engaged..Bend at the waist and reach the barbell towards the ground on the side of your body. Keep your arms straight and your core engaged as you bend. Return to the starting position and repeat for the desired number of reps. Make sure to keep your core engaged and your movements controlled throughout the exercise..Obliques, intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Landmine Side Bend, Obliques Exercise, How to do Barbell Landmine Side Bend, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Landmine Sissy Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the bar in a goblet position..2.Stand tall, push your knees forward until your calves touch your hamstrings..3.Make sure to keep your hips extended..How to do Landmine Sissy Squat, How To Do A Landmine Sissy Squat, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Larsen Bench Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a bench press position with your legs elevated. Try to keep your knees with a slight bend in them..2.Unrack the bar then initiate the rep..3.Bring the bar to your torso and tap your ribcage before pressing back to the ceiling..Triceps, Chest, How to do Barbell Larsen Bench Press, advanced exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Barbell Larsen Bench Press, Chest Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Lateral Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold a barbell at your shoulders with an overhand grip..2.Step out to the side with your right foot and bend your right knee to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position..4.Repeat on the opposite side by stepping out with your left foot..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Lunge, Quads, How To Do A Barbell Lateral Lunge, Glute Medius, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Glute Exercise, Hip Abductors, Butt Exercise, Hip Adductors, Glutes, How to do Barbell Lateral Lunge"\n"The 'Barbell Laying Triceps Extensions' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on a flat bench while holding a barbell with a shoulder-width grip..2.Fully extend your elbows until the barbell is directly over your chest..3.Begin to flex your elbows and allow the barbell to nearly touch your forehead..4.Extend your elbows back to the starting position and repeat..Barbell Laying Triceps Extensions: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Lie flat on a bench with your feet firmly planted on the ground and your head and shoulder blades securely on the bench..Grab a barbell and lift it over your head with your arms fully extended and your palms facing up..Ensure that the barbell is balanced above your chest and not leaning to one side or the other..How to Perform.Slowly bend your arms and lower the barbell towards your forehead, keeping your elbows close to your head..Once you reach the desired depth, pause briefly and then extend your arms back to the starting position, fully extending your triceps..Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, making sure to maintain proper form and control throughout the movement..Technique.Keep your shoulders relaxed and avoid shrugging or lifting them towards your ears..Maintain a slight arch in your lower back to reduce the risk of injury and increase activation of your triceps..Exhale as you extend your arms and inhale as you lower the barbell towards your forehead..Focus on engaging your triceps throughout the entire range of motion, from the bottom of the movement to the top..Things to Avoid.Bouncing the barbell off your forehead or using momentum to lift the weight..Allowing your elbows to flare out to the sides, which can put excessive strain on your shoulder joint..Rounding your lower back or arching too much, which can strain your spine and reduce the effectiveness of the exercise..Lifting too much weight and compromising form, which can increase the risk of injury and decrease the effectiveness of the exercise..How to do Barbell Laying Triceps Extensions, intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Laying Triceps Extensions, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Long Landmine Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position a barbell in a landmine or corner of a room and stand facing it with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Grasp the end of the barbell with an overhand grip, keeping your arms straight and your shoulders relaxed..3.Bend at the hips and knees to lower your torso until it is almost parallel to the ground..4.Pull the barbell towards your chest, squeezing your shoulder blades together as you row the weight up..Grip, Row, advanced exercise, Forearms, Landmine, Lats Exercise, Biceps, Lats, How to do Barbell Long Landmine Row, Grip Strength, How To Do A Barbell Long Landmine Row, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Low Bar Good Morning' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar between your traps and rear delts. Pull your shoulder blades back to give the bar a shelf to sit on..2.Push your hips back until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings. This means you're nearing the end of your Range of Motion with out rounding your spine..3.When you feel the stretch push your hips forward until you'e in a standing position..Barbell Low Bar Good Morning: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Begin by placing a barbell across your upper back and shoulders, using a grip that is just outside of your shoulder blades..Use a low bar placement, which will be a few inches below the high bar placement used for squats..Ensure that the barbell is positioned securely, so that it does not move or shift during the exercise..Set your feet hip-width apart, with your toes pointing forward or slightly outwards..Activate your core muscles and brace your spine in a neutral position..How to Perform.Start by taking a deep breath and engaging your core and lower back muscles..Slowly bend forward at the hips, keeping your back straight and your knees slightly bent..Lower your torso as far as you can while maintaining proper form, then pause and hold for a moment..Push through your hips to return to the starting position, exhaling as you stand up straight..Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, making sure to maintain good form throughout the exercise..Technique.It is important to keep your back straight and avoid rounding your spine during the movement..Focus on using your hips and glutes to initiate the movement, rather than your lower back..Keep your knees slightly bent throughout the exercise to maintain balance and stability..Do not allow your shoulders to round forward, but instead keep them back and engaged..Maintain a slow and controlled pace, avoiding any jerky or abrupt movements..Things to Avoid.Avoid using too heavy of a weight, as this can increase the risk of injury and decrease proper form..Do not allow your lower back to round or arch excessively, as this can place unnecessary strain on the muscles and spine..Avoid hinging forward at the waist, as this can cause strain on the lower back and reduce the effectiveness of the exercise..Do not use momentum or swing the weight, as this can compromise form and increase the risk of injury..Avoid over-extending at the top of the movement, as this can lead to strain on the lower back and decrease proper form..advanced exercise, How to do Barbell Low Bar Good Morning, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Low Bar Good Morning, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Low Bar Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Pull your shoulder blades back really hard and place the bar on your posterior delts..2.Push your hips back and break at the knees to initiate the squat..3.Aim to get your hamstrings to parallel with the ground. Push your heels into the floor and squat back up to a standing position..Barbell Low Bar Squat: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Set the barbell at the appropriate height, usually around hip level, on a squat rack..Place your feet shoulder-width apart with toes pointing slightly outwards..Grasp the bar with both hands, palms facing forward and slightly wider than shoulder-width apart..Lift the bar off the squat rack and step back, maintaining a neutral spine..How to Perform.Lower your body by bending at the hips and knees while keeping your weight on your heels..Go down as low as you can while keeping your heels on the ground and your back straight..Push up through your heels, returning to the starting position..Repeat for the desired number of reps..Technique.Keep your chest up and maintain a neutral spine throughout the movement..Ensure that your knees stay aligned with your toes, not caving inwards or outwards..Make sure that the bar stays centered over your midfoot throughout the movement..Breathe in as you descend and breathe out as you rise back to the starting position..Things to Avoid.Rounding your lower back or having an excessive arch in your back..Allowing your knees to cave inwards or outwards..Letting your heels come off the ground..Bouncing out of the bottom of the squat or using momentum to complete the movement..Butt Exercise, How to do Barbell Low Bar Squat, advanced exercise, How To Do A Barbell Low Bar Squat, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Meadows Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats, forearms' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position a barbell in a landmine or corner of a room and stand facing sideways with a staggered stance and your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Grasp the end of the barbell with an overhand grip, keeping your arms straight and your shoulders relaxed..3.Bend at the hips and knees to lower your torso until it is almost parallel to the ground..4.Pull the barbell towards your chest, squeezing your shoulder blades together as you row the weight up..5.*Named after the late John Meadows.How to do Barbell Meadows Row, How To Do A Barbell Meadows Row, Row, intermediate Barbell exercise, Forearms, Lats Exercise, Biceps, Lats, Landmine"\n"The 'Barbell Muscle Snatch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, grip the barbell with a wide overhand grip, and keep your back straight and core engaged..2.Lift the barbell by explosively extending your hips, knees, and ankles while keeping the bar close to your body..3.As the bar reaches chest level, rotate your wrists and elbows up and back, transitioning into an overhead press..4.Fully extend your arms overhead, stabilize the bar, then lower it back to the starting position with control..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a roughly shoulder width grip. There should be a straight line from your elbow to fist (vertical forearms)..2.Pull your chin back and press the weight toward the ceiling by extending at the elbow joint and flexing at the shoulder joint..3.Press until your elbows are extended and push your head forward slightly..4.Return to the start position with control. Pulling your chin back to allow the bar to pass your face safely..How To Perform The Barbell Overhead Press.Setup.Place the hooks or cups in the barbell rack just below shoulder height. This way you don't have to go up onto your tippy toes to get the bar out of the rack. Take a shoulder width or slightly outside of shoulder width grip. You can use a thumbed or thumbless grip. Be very careful with a thumbless grip please. Either way, make sure the bar is set very deeply into your hands. If the bar is not deep in your palm, you will likely get extended wrists. Wrist extension will put a lot of pressure onto your wrists and will cause either discomfort or outright pain. And of course this will limit the amount of weight you can use..Once you have your grip, push your elbows underneath the bar. The bar should be roughly at your collar bones. Break at the knees and do a mini squat to get the bar up and out of the rack. Take two steps back. Your stance should be about shoulder or slightly outside shoulder width..Performing.Pull your chin back as you initiate the concentric. Press the bar toward the ceiling. Once the bar has cleared your head, push your head forward slightly. I like to use the cue, ""head through the window."" Don't force your head all the way forward as it's unnecessary and might produce unneeded stress on your neck..You should fully extend your elbows at the top of each rep. If you have hypermobile elbows (many women do) don't hyperextend your elbows at the top. There should be a straight line from your shoulder joint to your fist..Once you have hit elbow extension, time to begin the concentric. Make sure to control the weight on your way down. As the bar is getting to about head height, pull your chin back again to let the bar pass by your face. .Pay particular attention to cheating on this exercise. This is a strict overhead barbell press. It is very easy when you fatigue to begin using your legs to help you get the bar up.  Make sure you keep your lower body from helping at all..Also pay particular attention to your lumbar spine. It is very common for people to lean back and hyper extend their lower back in order to get the bar all the way overhead. Your nervous system is very smart, and knows that you are stronger pushing horizontally than you are vertically. It will therefore, naturally try to turn the overhead press into a horizontal press. This is a very dangerous position for your lower back. Don't let it happen!.Shoulder Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Overhead Press, How to do Barbell Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Be careful getting the bar into place overhead. Push your elbows forward while keeping your elbows tucked in..2.Look for what feels like a stretch in your triceps. Extend your elbows until your fists are pointed at the ceiling..How to do Barbell Overhead Tricep Extension, How To Do A Barbell Overhead Tricep Extension, advanced exercise, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Pause Box Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a box or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and a barbell resting on your upper back..2.Lower your body into a squat position, sitting back onto the box and pausing for a moment before standing back up..3.Push through your heels to return to the standing position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Squat, Quads, Powerlifting, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Pause Box Squat, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Barbell Pause Box Squat, Glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Pause Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and a barbell resting on your upper back..2.Lower your body into a squat position, pausing for a moment at the bottom of the movement before standing back up..3.Push through your heels to return to the standing position..How To Do A Barbell Pause Squat, Quad Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Range of motion, Leg Exercise, Squat lower, Glutes Exercise, How to do Barbell Pause Squat, Squat, Quads, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Power Snatch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, barbell over midfoot. Grip the bar wide (outside shoulders), hook grip recommended..2.Keep chest up, back straight, and drive through heels to lift the bar off the ground, keeping it close to your body..3.As the bar reaches mid-thigh, explode upwards by extending hips, knees, and ankles, shrugging shoulders and pulling the bar high..4.Drop under the bar slightly, catching it overhead with arms locked out. Stand up fully to complete the lift..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Pronated Pendlay Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start hinged forward with a flat back and the plates resting on the floor. Make sure your elbows are fully extended..2.Pull the bar to your sternum..3.Return the plates back to the floor and let the bar come to a full dead stop..4.Then initiate the next rep..Lats, Row, Biceps, How To Do A Barbell Pronated Pendlay Row, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Pronated Pendlay Row, Lats Exercise, Lower Back, Barbell"\n"The 'Barbell Pronated Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats, forearms' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the barbell with an overhand grip. Hinge forward while keeping your back flat until your torso is about parallel with the ground..2.Let your arms hang freely..3.Pull the bar to your torso while tucking your elbows in slightly..4.Extend your elbows fully before initiating the next rep..beginner Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Pronated Row, Row, Lats Exercise, Biceps, Lats, How to do Barbell Pronated Row"\n"The 'Barbell Quad Stomp' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Have the barbell in a high bar position and place your foot on a plate or a low box..2.Put all of your weight on your front foot and lean forward..3.Lower until your calves touch your hamstrings and then extend back up..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Reverse Curl' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, wrist-extensors, wrist-flexors' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a double overhand grip that's about shoulder width. Flex your elbows while keeping your elbows tucked in. Try not to let them flare out..2.Curl until your forearm presses into your bicep. Then fully extend your elbows at the bottom of each rep..Barbell Reverse Curl: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Select a barbell with the appropriate weight for your strength level.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and grip the barbell with a shoulder-width overhand grip.Keep your arms straight and the barbell hanging at arm's length in front of your thighs.How to Perform.Breathe in and tighten your core.Curl the barbell upwards towards your chest, keeping your upper arms stationary and your elbows tucked in close to your torso.Hold the contraction at the top for a count of one.Lower the barbell back down to the starting position with control, inhaling as you do so.Repeat the movement for the desired number of reps.Technique.Keep your movements smooth and controlled throughout the exercise.Avoid using momentum to swing the barbell up and down.Keep your head and neck in a neutral position, looking straight ahead and avoiding any unnecessary neck strain.Engage your shoulder blades and keep your shoulders down and away from your ears.Things to Avoid.Using a weight that is too heavy and sacrificing form.Arching your back or swaying excessively.Locking out your elbows at the top of the movement.Allowing your elbows to flare out to the sides.How To Do A Barbell Reverse Curl, Bicep Exercise, How to do Barbell Reverse Curl, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Arm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Reverse Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with your toes pointed slightly outward..2.Place a barbell on the floor behind you, with the weight plates on either side..3.Bend down and grab the barbell with an overhand grip, your hands slightly wider than shoulder-width apart. Keep your back straight and your shoulders down as you grip the bar..4.Stand up straight, lifting the barbell off the ground and pulling it toward your hips. Keep your elbows close to your body and your shoulders down as you do this..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads, How To Do A Barbell Reverse Deadlift, Deadlift, How to do Barbell Reverse Deadlift, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Quads Exercise, Glutes, Lower Back"\n"The 'Barbell Reverse Grip Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar with a reverse grip..2.Lower the bar to your lower chest.3.Raise the bar until you've locked your elbows..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Barbell Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with a barbell on your shoulders. Your feet should be slightly pointed outward, and your shoulders should be down and relaxed..2.Step backward with one foot, lowering your body until your front thigh is parallel to the ground and your back knee is hovering just above the ground..3.Push off your back foot, returning to the starting position..Quads, intermediate Barbell exercise, Barbell, Leg Exercise, How to do Barbell Reverse Lunge, Glutes, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Reverse Lunge, Quads Exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Barbell Roll Outs' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the Barbell with both hands and kneel on the floor with your feet up.2.Slowly roll the Barbell straight forward, stretching your body into a straight position..3.After a pause at the stretched position, start pulling yourself back to the starting position. This should be a slow and controlled movement..Barbell Roll Outs: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a barbell and weight plates appropriate for your fitness level.Position the barbell on the ground and load the weight plates onto the bar.Get into a kneeling position with your knees hip-width apart.Grasp the barbell with a shoulder-width grip.How to Perform.Begin with the barbell under your chest, keeping your back straight and core engaged.Slowly roll the barbell forward, extending your arms and maintaining a straight line from your head to your hips.Pause when you reach full extension or when your back starts to round.Reverse the movement and roll the barbell back to the starting position.Repeat the movement for the desired number of repetitions.Technique.Keep your core tight and engage your abdominal muscles to maintain proper form.Keep your head and neck in a neutral position, avoiding excessive extension or flexion.Move slowly and deliberately, focusing on controlled movement.Breathe out as you roll out and breathe in as you return to the starting position.Things to Avoid.Rounding your back or losing form.Moving too quickly, losing control of the barbell.Excessive extension or flexion of the head and neck.Holding your breath or breathing erratically.intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Roll Outs, How to do Barbell Roll Outs, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a shoulder width, double overhand or mixed grip..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..How To Perform The Romanian Deadlift.Setup.The Romanian Deadlift (RDL), unlike other deadlift variations, begins and ends in the standing position. So you need to begin the exercise a little bit differently than you would other deadlift variations..There are a few ways to set up for the Romanian Deadlift..Set the safety bars or hooks in a squat rack just below knee height. From here, you will squat the bar up and out of the safeties. Take a couple of steps back and then initiate the set..Start from the floor. Perform a standard conventional deadlift to get the weight into the starting position..Once you have chosen one of those two ways, and gotten into the starting standing position we can continue the rest of the set up.  .Use a shoulder width stance with your toes facing forward. Either a double overhand or mixed grip is OK. There is some risk with the mixed grip variation. On very rare occasions a lifter will pull their bicep on the arm with the underhand grip. So be careful..You want to avoid doing any shrugging of the barbell. This is a posterior chain movement not a trap movement. .Performing The Romanian Deadlift.Begin the set by pushing your hips straight back. Your knees should stay mostly extended during the set. You can have a slight bend in the knees, but only slight. As you push your hips back, imagine trying to push your hips upwards towards the ceiling as well. This will help you keep your knees in a more extended position..The Romanian Deadlift is a movement that does something unique. It lengthens the hamstring under a load. During an RDL the tension is at its highest when your hamstring is at its most lengthened position (90 at the hips with extended knees). Therefore, the most important part of this exercise is feeling the stretch in your hamstring on each trip. .You can also use this to dictate your range of motion. Some people will be able to go all the way to the floor while maintaining a flat back. While others will only be able to get to a 90 hip angle. A rare person with hypermobile hips may even need to consider a Deficit RDL. In which they stand on a platform, letting them go even lower than the barbell and plates would allow for. Again, look for the stretch on each rep and use that feeling to dictate when you initiate the concentric portion of the movement. When you feel the stretch, time to come back up..It's of the utmost importance you keep a flat back so you do not put any unnecessary stress on your lumbar spine. This does not mean you will not feel this exercise in your lower back. The opposite is true. You can and most likely will feel the RDL working your lumbar spine. This does not mean you are doing anything wrong. The lower back has muscles just like everywhere else in your body. These muscles can also fill with blood giving you a pump in your lower back. Unlike having a pump in your biceps or pecs, a pump in your lower back is very uncomfortable because the spinal erectors swell and begin to press into your lumbar spine. Again, this does not mean you were doing anything wrong. You can even expect some soreness in your lower back after performing this movement.The concentric portion of this movement is relatively simple. Just go to a standing position to complete the rep. Do not force your hips all the way forward as this will hyperextend your lumbar spine. Hyperextension is just as dangerous as hyperflexion..Hamstrings Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Romanian Deadlift, How to do Barbell Romanian Deadlift"\n"The 'Barbell Seated Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on a bench with a barbell resting on your knees. Your feet should be flat on the ground, about hip-width apart..2.Place your hands on the barbell for support, and lift your heels off the ground..3.Hold this position for a moment, then slowly lower your heels back to the ground..Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, beginner Barbell exercise, Calves, How to do Barbell Seated Calf Raise, How To Do A Barbell Seated Calf Raise"\n"The 'Barbell Seated Full Front Raise' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on an incline bench with an overhand grip on the barbell. Raise your arms until your fists are pointed toward the ceiling..2.Return to the start under control. This exercise is prone to using momentum when you begin to fatigue..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with a barbell in front of you..2.Bend down and grab the barbell with an overhand grip, your hands slightly wider than shoulder-width apart. Keep your back straight and your shoulders down as you grip the bar..3.Stand up straight, lifting the barbell off the ground and pulling it toward your hips. Keep your elbows close to your body and your shoulders down as you do this..4.Once the barbell is at your hips, raise your shoulders as high as you can, holding the position for a moment..Shrug, Traps, beginner Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Shrug, Trapezius Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Shrug, Traps Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Side Step Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with a barbell on your shoulders. Your feet should be slightly pointed outward, and your shoulders should be down and relaxed..2.Place a step or box beside you, and step up onto it with one foot. Your other foot should remain on the ground..3.Push off your grounded foot, raising your body up onto the step..4.Step back down with the same foot, returning to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, How to do Barbell Side Step Up, Glute Medius, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Hip Abductors, Quad Exercise, Hip Adductors, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Side Step Up"\n"The 'Barbell Silverback Shrug' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the Barbell with both hands in front just past shoulder width..2.Bend forward at the hips with a slight bend in your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Engage your shoulder blades, as if you are trying to touch them together..4.Release the shrug..Barbell Silverback Shrug: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Start by selecting a barbell that is the appropriate weight for your fitness level and strength.Load the barbell with weight plates, making sure to secure them onto the barbell with collars.Stand in front of the barbell, with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent.Grasp the barbell with an overhand grip, making sure that your hands are slightly wider than shoulder-width apart.Position the barbell in front of your thighs, with your arms extended and your shoulders relaxed.How to Perform.Inhale and lift the barbell up towards your chest, keeping your arms extended and your shoulders relaxed.Exhale and shrug your shoulders upwards, towards your ears.Pause for a moment at the top of the movement, holding the barbell and your shoulders in position.Inhale and lower the barbell back down to the starting position, keeping your arms extended and your shoulders relaxed.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.Technique.Make sure to keep your focus on shrugging your shoulders upwards, rather than lifting the barbell.Avoid using your arms to pull the barbell upwards, as this can place unnecessary stress on your back and neck.Keep your chin tucked in, to maintain good posture and prevent straining your neck.Make sure to keep your shoulders relaxed and your arms extended throughout the entire movement.Things to Avoid.Avoid rounding your back or hunching your shoulders, as this can put unnecessary strain on your back and neck.Avoid twisting or rotating your arms, as this can cause the barbell to become unevenly balanced and increase your risk of injury.Avoid using too much weight, as this can cause you to lose proper form and increase your risk of injury.cobra traps, Trapezius Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Traps Exercise, How to do Barbell Silverback Shrug, How To Do A Barbell Silverback Shrug"\n"The 'Barbell Single Leg Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your foot on a plate or low box and a barbell on your hips..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Single Leg Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your foot on the ground and a barbell on your hips..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Situp' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the bar with a slightly wider than shoulder width grip. Push the bar up toward the ceiling and maintain that elbow extension..2.Flex your abs and sit-up. Aim to get your torso vertical while maintaining the barbell overhead..How To Do The Barbell Situp.Setup.To get the barbell into position, lay flat on the floor with your heels pressed into the ground and toes pointed toward the ceiling. Position the barbell on the floor over the top of your head, perform a pull over, and then extend your elbows to get it into position. The bar should be pointed directly at the ceiling..Performing.With the bar pointed at the ceiling, begin to sit up. Do your best to not round your back on your way up. Keep your face toward the ceiling for the entirety of the rep. Get your torso vertical and your ears between your biceps. Then begin the eccentric. On your way back down, control your torso and the weight, and flex your abs..How to do Barbell Situp, intermediate Barbell exercise, Abs Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Situp"\n"The 'Barbell Skullcrusher' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a shoulder width grip. Break at the elbows. Try to keep your elbows tucked in. Don't let them flare out..2.Stop the bar a few inches from your forehead and extend your elbows back up..Barbell Skullcrusher: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a barbell and weight appropriate for your strength level.Lie flat on a weight bench with your feet firmly planted on the ground.Grasp the barbell with an overhand grip, slightly wider than shoulder-width apart.Extend your arms straight up and position the barbell over your chest, keeping your elbows slightly bent.How to Perform.Lower the barbell towards your forehead by bending at the elbows.Pause at the bottom of the movement, keeping the barbell close to your head.Using your triceps, extend your arms back to the starting position.Repeat for desired number of reps.Technique.Keep your elbows close to your head throughout the exercise.Maintain control of the barbell and avoid letting it drop too quickly.Keep your upper arms stationary and focus on moving only at the elbow joint.Make sure to fully extend your arms at the top of the movement for maximum activation of the triceps.Things to Avoid.Bouncing the barbell off your forehead.Using too heavy of a weight, causing loss of form and control.Flaring your elbows out too far from your head.Allowing your lower back to come off the bench during the exercise.How to do Barbell Skullcrusher, intermediate Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Skullcrusher, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Snatch' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, barbell over midfoot. Grip the bar wide with an overhand grip, chest up, and back straight..2.Lift the bar by driving through your legs, keeping it close to your body. Extend your hips and knees while maintaining a straight back..3.Explosively extend your hips, knees, and ankles while shrugging your shoulders. Pull yourself under the bar as it moves upward..4.Drop into a deep squat while locking the bar overhead. Stabilize, then stand up fully to complete the lift..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Snatch Grip Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with your toes pointed slightly outward..2.Place a barbell on the floor in front of you, with the weight plates on either side. Make sure that the bar is directly in line with your feet..3.Bend down and grab the barbell with an overhand grip, your hands much wider than shoulder-width apart. Keep your back straight and your shoulders down as you grip the bar..4.Stand up straight, lifting the barbell off the ground and pulling it toward your hips. Keep your elbows close to your body and your shoulders down as you do this..5.Slowly lower the barbell back to the ground, making sure to keep your back straight and your shoulders down throughout the movement..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Snatch Grip Deadlift, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Hamstrings, advanced Barbell exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Lower Back, How to do Barbell Snatch Grip Deadlift, Snatch Grip, Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Snatch Grip High Pull' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, gripping the barbell with a wide (snatch-width) grip. Keep your back straight, chest up, and bar close to your body..2.Drive through your legs, extending your hips, knees, and ankles while pulling the barbell up explosively..3.Shrug your shoulders forcefully and pull the bar as high as possible, keeping elbows above the bar..4.Lower the bar back to the starting position in a controlled manner and reset for the next rep..Butt Exercise, Mid Back Exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Traps Exercise, Lower Back, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Lower back Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Snatch Grip Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart. The bar should be in a rack or box so it's lifted off the ground..2.Grab the barbell with an overhand grip, your hands should be much wider than shoulder-width apart..3.Hing forward at the hips keeping your knees mostly extended. Hinge until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings..4.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you are back in a standing position..How To Do A Barbell Snatch Grip Romanian Deadlift, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Hamstrings, How to do Barbell Snatch Grip Romanian Deadlift, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Lower Back, advanced Barbell exercise, Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Split Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a large step forward with one leg, and lower your body until your back knee nearly touches the ground. Your front knee should be bent at a 90-degree angle, and your back leg should be straight..2.Push through the heel of your front foot to raise your body back to the starting position..Quads, How To Do A Barbell Split Squat, Butt Exercise, Single Side, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Barbell Split Squat, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Squat, Unilateral, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Spoto Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on the bench with your shoulder blades pulled back..2.As you initiate the first rep, tuck your elbows slightly until the bar is a few inches off your chest..3.Pause just off your chest for 1-3 seconds. Then press explosively..Triceps, How To Do A Barbell Spoto Press, Chest, How to do Barbell Spoto Press, Powerlifting, intermediate Barbell exercise, Bench Press, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Strength"\n"The 'Barbell Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart. Maintain the natural arch in your back, squeezing your shoulder blades and raising your chest..2.Grip the bar across your shoulders and support it on your upper back. Unwrack the bar by straightening your legs, and take a step back..3.Bend your knees as you lower the weight without altering the form of your back until your hips are below your knees..4.Raise the bar back to starting position, lift with your legs and exhale at the top..Barbell Squat: A Comprehensive Guide.The barbell squat is a fundamental strength training exercise that targets multiple muscle groups, including the quadriceps, hamstrings, glutes, and lower back. This full-body workout provides numerous benefits, such as increased power, endurance, and stability..In this guide, you will learn how to set up, perform, and maintain proper technique while doing barbell squats, as well as things to avoid..How To Setup:.Choose the Right Weight: Begin with a light weight and gradually increase the weight as you become more comfortable with the movement..Gather Equipment: You will need a barbell, weight plates, and a squat rack for this exercise..Adjust the Squat Rack: Ensure the barbell is positioned at a height that allows you to stand with the barbell resting comfortably on your upper traps..Load the Barbell: Add weight plates to the barbell using collars to secure the weights in place..Position Your Feet: Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart, facing forward..Grip the Barbell: Grasp the barbell with both hands, using a grip that is slightly wider than shoulder-width..How To Perform:.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and the barbell resting on your upper traps..Slowly bend your knees and lower your body, keeping your back straight and your head facing forward..Continue lowering your body until your thighs are parallel to the floor, or lower if you are comfortable doing so..Pause briefly at the bottom of the squat before pushing back up to the starting position..Repeat for the desired number of repetitions..Proper Technique:.Keep Your Back Straight: Maintaining a straight back throughout the exercise helps to prevent injury and engages your lower back muscles..Drive Through Your Heels: Focus on pushing through your heels as you rise from the bottom of the squat, keeping your weight over your feet..Dont Let Your Knees Cave Inward: Keep your knees tracking over your toes and avoid letting them cave inward..Breathe Properly: Exhale as you push up from the bottom of the squat and inhale as you lower yourself..Avoid Rounding Your Shoulders: Keep your shoulders back and avoid rounding them forward as this can place strain on your neck and upper back..Things to Avoid:.Using Too Much Weight: Starting with a weight that is too heavy can compromise your form and increase the risk of injury..Allowing Your Knees to Collapse Inward: This can place strain on your knee joints and compromise your stability..Arching Your Lower Back: This can cause lower back pain and injury..Rounding Your Shoulders: Keep your shoulders back and avoid rounding them forward as this can place strain on your neck and upper back..Bouncing Out of the Bottom Position: Avoid bouncing out of the bottom position, as this can reduce the effectiveness of the exercise and increase the risk of injury..Not Maintaining Proper Foot Position: Ensure your feet remain flat on the ground throughout the exercise, as elevating your heels or toes can impact your balance and stability..How to do Barbell Squat, Fundamental Exercises, advanced exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Squat, Quad Exercise, Squat, Leg Exercises, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, squat"\n"The 'Barbell Step Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height, holding a barbell across your upper back and shoulders, using an overhand grip..2.Place your right foot on the box and push through the heel to lift your body up and onto the box..3.Step back down with your right foot..How to do Barbell Step Up, Quads, beginner Barbell exercise, Step Up, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Step Up"\n"The 'Barbell Step Up Balance' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height, holding a barbell across your upper back and shoulders, using an overhand grip..2.Place your right foot on the box and push through the heel to lift your body up and onto the box, keeping your left foot off the ground..3.Step back down with your right foot, lowering your left foot to the ground..Quads, How to do Barbell Step Up Balance, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Step Up Balance, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Balance, Stability, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Stiff Leg Deadlifts' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, gluteus-maximus, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a barbell at your shins with your feet shoulder width apart..2.Bend forward at your hips and keep your knees as fully extended as possible..3.Grab the barbell and then extend your hips while maintaining a straight back..4.From the standing position, lower the weight in a controlled manner..5.You can either lower the weight to the floor or before you touch the floor, depending on your mobility..How To Perform The Stiff Leg Deadlift.Setup.The Stiff Leg Deadlift, unlike other deadlift variations, begins and ends in the standing position. So you need to begin the exercise a little bit differently than you would the other deadlift variations..There are a few ways to set up for the stiff leg deadlift..Set the safety bars or hooks in a squat rack just below knee height. From here, you will squat the bar up and out of the safeties. Take a couple of steps back and then initiate the set..Start from the floor. Perform a standard conventional deadlift to get the weight into the starting position..Once you have chosen one of those two ways, and gotten into the starting standing position we can continue the rest of the set up.  .Use a shoulder width stance with your toes facing forward. Either a double overhand or mixed grip is OK. There is some risk with the mixed grip variation. On very rare occasions a lifter will pull their bicep on the arm with the underhand grip. So be careful..You want to avoid doing any shrugging of the barbell. This is a posterior chain movement not a trap movement. .Performing.Begin the set by pushing your hips straight back. Your knees should stay mostly extended during the set. You can have a slight bend in the knees, but only slight. As you push your hips back, imagine trying to push your hips upwards towards the ceiling as well. This will help you keep your knees in a more extended position..The Stiff Leg Deadlift is a movement that does something unique. It lengthens the hamstring under a load. During a Stiff Leg Deadlift the tension is at its highest when your hamstring is at its most lengthened position (90 at the hips with extended knees). Therefore, the most important part of this exercise is feeling the stretch in your hamstring on each trip. .You can also use this to dictate your range of motion. Some people will be able to go all the way to the floor while maintaining a flat back. While others will only be able to get to a 90 hip angle. A rare person with hypermobile hips may even need to consider a Deficit Stiff Leg Deadlift. In which they stand on a platform, letting them go even lower than the barbell and plates would allow for. Again, look for the stretch on each rep and use that feeling to dictate when you initiate the concentric portion of the movement. When you feel the stretch, time to come back up..It's of the utmost importance you keep a flat back so you do not put any unnecessary stress on your lumbar spine. This does not mean you will not feel this exercise in your lower back. The opposite is true. You can and most likely will feel the Stiff Leg Deadlift working your lumbar spine. This does not mean you are doing anything wrong. The lower back has muscles just like everywhere else in your body. These muscles can also fill with blood giving you a pump in your lower back. Unlike having a pump on your biceps or pecs, a pump in your lower back is very uncomfortable because the spinal erectors swell and begin to press into your lumbar spine. Again, this does not mean you were doing anything wrong. You can even expect some soreness in your lower back after performing this movement.The concentric portion of this movement is relatively simple. Just go to a standing position to complete the rep. Do not force your hips all the way forward as this will hyperextend your lumbar spine. Hyperextension is just as dangerous as hyperflexion..How To Do A Barbell Stiff Leg Deadlifts, Butt Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Barbell Stiff Leg Deadlifts, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Suitcase Carry' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, obliques, hands' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet hip-width apart with the bar on the ground at your side..2.Lift the bar to your side and walk for the allotted amount of time or distance..3.Set the bar down and switch sides..Obliques, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Suitcase Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, obliques, hands' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet hip-width apart and holding a barbell at one side of your body, with your palms facing your thighs..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, bend at the hips and knees to lower the barbell down towards the ground..3.As the barbell reaches the ground, use your legs and glutes to push through your heels and extend your hips and knees to raise your body back to the starting position..4.Repeat the movement for the desired number of reps, then switch sides and repeat the exercise with the barbell on the opposite side of your body..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Barbell Suitcase Deadlift, advanced exercise, Deadlift, advanced Barbell exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Obliques, How To Do A Barbell Suitcase Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Sumo Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stance width can vary with a sumo DL. Some prefer toes near the plates. Others prefer a more narrow stance to get more drive off the floor..2.Make sure your arms are inside your legs. The bar should be just over your mid-foot. Flatten your back and push your heels into the floor..3.Try to extend your knees and hips simultaneously..Barbell Sumo Deadlift: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Start by selecting an appropriate weight on the barbell.Position the barbell in front of your feet, making sure it is centered and directly under the bar.Stand with your feet slightly wider than hip-width apart, with your toes pointing outwards.Bend your knees and lower yourself until your shins touch the bar.Grip the bar with your hands, making sure they are positioned just outside your feet.Take a deep breath and tighten your core muscles to prepare for the lift.How to Perform.Lift your chest, straighten your back, and look forward.Begin by driving through your heels and pushing your hips forward.Lift the bar off the ground by extending your hips and knees.Make sure to keep your chest lifted and your back straight throughout the lift.Once the bar reaches knee height, pause briefly before continuing the movement.Lower the bar back to the ground by reversing the movement, bending your hips and knees.Repeat the exercise for the desired number of repetitions.Technique.Keep your feet flat on the ground and maintain your balance throughout the exercise.Avoid rounding your back, as this can cause injury and decrease your lifting efficiency.Keep your core tight and maintain good posture to prevent your lower back from arching.Use your legs and hips, not your arms or back, to lift the bar off the ground.Do not drop the bar, but rather control the descent back to the ground.Things to Avoid.Using too much weight that may compromise your technique and increase your risk of injury.Rounding your back or allowing your hips to drop too low during the lift.Bouncing the bar off the ground, as this can cause strain on your lower back.Lifting with your arms instead of using your legs and hips.Forgetting to warm up properly before starting the exercise.Butt Exercise, intermediate Barbell exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Barbell Sumo Deadlift, How To Do A Barbell Sumo Deadlift"\n"The 'Barbell Sumo Pause Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up for a sumo deadlift, grip the barbell..2.Lift, pause at knee height..3.Hold briefly, then complete the lift; reset and repeat for desired reps..Lower back Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Lower Back Exercise, Lower Back"\n"The 'Barbell Supinated Pendlay Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a barbell with your feet about hip-width apart and your palms facing towards your body..2.Bend at the hips and knees to grab the barbell with a pronated (overhand) grip, positioning the barbell about an inch away from your shins..3.Keeping your back straight and your core engaged, use your back muscles to lift the barbell straight up towards your chest..4.As the barbell reaches your chest, rotate your wrists so that your palms are facing towards your body (supinated grip), and then lower the barbell back to the starting position..How to do Barbell Supinated Pendlay Row, Row, advanced exercise, How To Do A Barbell Supinated Pendlay Row, Lats Exercise, Biceps, Lats, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Supinated Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a barbell with your feet about hip-width apart..2.Bend at the hips and knees to grab the barbell with a supinated (underhand) grip, positioning the barbell about an inch away from your shins..3.Keeping your back straight and your core engaged, use your back muscles to lift the barbell straight up towards your chest..4.As the barbell reaches your chest, pause briefly, and then lower the barbell back to the starting position..How To Do A Barbell Supinated Row, advanced exercise, How to do Barbell Supinated Row, Lats Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Tap Pause Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height, holding a barbell across your upper back and shoulders, using an overhand grip..2.Sit back and lower your body down until your glutes tap the top of the box, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..3.Push through your heels to extend your hips and stand up, bringing your body back to the starting position..Quad Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Tap Pause Squat, intermediate Barbell exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Squat, Quads, Glute Exercise, How to do Barbell Tap Pause Squat, Butt Exercise, Glutes"\n"The 'Barbell Toes Up Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing on a raised surface (such as a step or box) with the balls of your feet on the edge of the surface and your heels hanging off. Hold a barbell across your upper back and shoulders, using an overhand grip..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, push through the balls of your feet to raise your heels up as high as you can..3.Lower your heels back down to the starting position, allowing your calves to stretch..beginner Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Toes Up Calf Raise, How To Do A Barbell Toes Up Calf Raise, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Barbell Tricep Guillotine Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Unrack the barbell. Break at the elbows and begin lowering the barbell..2.Lower the barbell to your neck before extending your elbows back to the starting position..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Upright Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a double overhand roughly shoulder width grip..2.Pull your elbows straight up the ceiling. Aim to get the bar to chin level or slightly higher..Barbell Upright Row: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a barbell that is appropriate for your strength level and fitness goals..Stand with your feet hip-width apart, knees slightly bent, and the barbell resting on the floor in front of you..Grip the barbell with both hands, using an overhand grip that is slightly wider than shoulder-width apart..Lift the barbell off the floor and position it at your thighs, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..How to Perform.Keeping your elbows close to your sides, lift the barbell straight up towards your chest..Stop when the barbell reaches your chest, or just below your chin, depending on your range of motion and comfort level..Pause for a moment, then slowly lower the barbell back down to your thighs..Repeat the movement for the desired number of reps..Technique.Keep your back straight and your core engaged throughout the exercise to protect your spine and prevent injury..Maintain control of the barbell at all times, avoiding swinging or jerking movements that can strain your shoulders or upper back..Focus on squeezing your shoulder blades together at the top of the movement to engage your upper back muscles and create a more effective workout..Things to Avoid.Using a weight that is too heavy, which can lead to improper form and increase your risk of injury..Allowing your elbows to flare out to the sides, which can place excessive stress on your shoulders and rotator cuff muscles..Lifting the barbell too high, which can cause discomfort or pain in your neck or shoulders..Rounding your back, which can put unnecessary stress on your spine and increase your risk of injury..Shoulder Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How To Do A Barbell Upright Row, How to do Barbell Upright Row, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a straight bar with a supinated (underhand) grip..2.Kneel down next to a flat bench and place your forearms on the bench with your wrists just off the bench..3.Let the barbell pull down on your wrists until they are extended..4.Curl the barbell until your wrists are fully flexed..5.Lower in a controlled manner and repeat..Barbell Wrist Curl: A Comprehensive Guide.Setup.Choose a barbell with a moderate weight.Kneel down on a flat bench and place your forearms on the bench with your palms facing up.Hold the barbell with a pronated grip (palms facing down).Keep your elbows close to your sides and make sure your wrists are off the edge of the bench.How to Perform.Begin by lifting the barbell with your wrist flexors until your hands are facing upwards.Slowly lower the barbell back down to the starting position.Repeat the movement for the desired number of repetitions.Make sure to maintain control of the barbell throughout the movement.Technique.Keep your wrists stable and avoid any unnecessary movements.Make sure to focus the contraction in your wrist flexors.Use a smooth, controlled motion throughout the exercise.Things to Avoid.Avoid using too heavy of a weight and compromising your form.Avoid allowing the barbell to rest on your fingers.Avoid using too much momentum and relying on swinging the weight.beginner Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Wrist Curl, How To Do A Barbell Wrist Curl, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Wrist Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'wrist-extensors' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a barbell with an overhand grip and lay your forearms across a bench..2.Let your wrists flex fully, then extend your wrists..Forearm Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Z Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by sitting on the ground with your legs extended and a barbell in your hands, with your palms facing forward and your elbows bent..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, lift the barbell up from your chest and press it straight up above your head..3.Lower the barbell back down to your chest..Traps, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Press, advanced exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, Overhead Press, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Barbell Z Press, How To Do A Barbell Z Press"\n"The 'Barbell Zercher Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet on a plate and holding a barbell in the crook of your arms, near your belly. Your palms should be facing towards your body..2.Step back with one foot off the plate and lower your back knee to the floor..3.Push through your front leg and bring your back foot to the plate..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Barbell Zercher Good Morning' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet about hip-width apart and holding a barbell in the crook of your elbows, with your palms facing towards your body..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, bend at the hips and lower your torso forward until it is nearly parallel to the ground..3.Push through your heels to extend your hips and raise your body back to the starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Good Morning, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Zercher Good Morning, Zercher, advanced exercise, How to do Barbell Zercher Good Morning, advanced Barbell exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Hamstrings, Glutes, Lower Back"\n"The 'Barbell Zercher Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet about hip-width apart and holding a barbell in the crook of your arms, near your belly. Your palms should be facing towards your body..2.Sit back and lower your body down until your thighs are parallel to the ground, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..3.Push through your heels to extend your hips and stand back up to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Barbell Zercher Squat, Lower Back, Squat, Quads Exercise, advanced Barbell exercise, How to do Barbell Zercher Squat"\n"The 'Bench Dips' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the edge of the bench with your hands, Keep your feet together and legs straight..2.Lower your body straight down..3.Slowly press back up to the starting point..4.TIP: Make this harder by raising your feet off the floor and adding weight..How To Do A Bench Dips, Bodyweight Fitness, How to do Bench Dips, beginner Bodyweight exercise, At Home Exercise, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Bench Lift Off Active' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lower-abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.While seated on a bench, place your palms on the bench by your sides.2.Palm placement should allow room for the fingers to grip the edge of the bench.3.Try to lift your bodyweight off the bench by pushing the palms into the bench.4.Lockout your elbows and repeat or hold isometrically.Trapezius Exercise, Lower Abdominals Exercise, Traps Exercise, Lower Traps Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bench Lift Off Static' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lower-abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.While seated on a bench, place your palms on the bench by your sides.2.Palm placement should allow room for the fingers to grip the edge of the bench.3.Try to lift your bodyweight off the bench by pushing the palms into the bench.4.Lockout your elbows and hold isometrically.Trapezius Exercise, Lower Abdominals Exercise, Traps Exercise, Lower Traps Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Biceps Stretch Variation Five' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet shoulder width apart..2.Raise your arms out to your sides, bringing them up to shoulder level..3.Rotate your palms so they are facing the ceiling..4.Then, change direction and rotate the arms as much as you can..Bicep Exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Biceps Stretch Variation Five, beginner Stretches exercise, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Biceps Stretch Variation Five, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Biceps Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand an arms width away from the wall..2.Raise your arms out behind you, and place them on the wall with your fingers pointing up..3.Bend your knees whilst keeping your hands in the same position..beginner Stretches exercise, Biceps Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Biceps Stretch Variation Four, Bicep Exercise, How to do Biceps Stretch Variation Four"\n"The 'Biceps Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand one foot in front of the other with the wall to your right, an arms width away..2.Place your hand on the wall, fingers pointing away from you..3.Gently lean forward, keeping your hand stationary..4.Repeat with the other arm..How To Do A Biceps Stretch Variation One, Bicep Exercise, Fitness Stretch, beginner Stretches exercise, Arm Exercise, How to do Biceps Stretch Variation One, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Biceps Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bend your arm at the elbow, raising your hand to your shoulder..2.Using your other hand, stretch the arm down to its full extent..How To Do A Biceps Stretch Variation Three, Bicep Exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Biceps Stretch Variation Three, beginner Stretches exercise, Arm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Biceps Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the wall, an arm's width away..2.Place your hand on the wall with your fingers pointing down..3.Lean slightly into the wall to feel the stretch in your bicep..How To Do A Biceps Stretch Variation Two, Bicep Exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Biceps Stretch Variation Two, beginner Stretches exercise, Arm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Bicycle Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back..2.Bend knees, hands behind head..3.Twist torso, touch elbow to opposite knee. Repeat..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Bodyweight Exercise, Abs Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Upper Abdominals Exercise, Lower Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Bird Dog' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on hands and knees..2.Extend right arm and left leg..3.Hold for a few seconds, then switch sides..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Alternating Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the barbell on your back.2.Step your foot back and around while simultaneously bringing the weight down..3.Return to start and repeat on other leg..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Alternating Forward Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Step forward with your right foot and bend both knees to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position. Then switch legs..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Alternating Jump Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a standing position..2.Lunge forward, switch legs mid-air..3.Land and repeat..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Alternating Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, feet hip-width apart..2.Step right, lunge to side..3.Return, then lunge left..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Alternating Reverse Lunges' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet together..2.Step back with right foot..3.Return to starting position, then lunge with left foot..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Assisted Chin Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the chin-up bar with an underhand grip, shoulder-width apart..2.Place your feet on the ground, legs bent slightly..3.Use your legs to assist as you pull your chin above the bar..Biceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lats Exercise, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Assisted Gironda Chin Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the chin-up bar with an underhand grip, shoulder-width apart..2.Place your feet on the ground, legs bent slightly..3.Use your legs to assist as you pull your chest to the bar..Bodyweight Exercise, Bicep Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, Lats Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Assisted Mixed Grip Pullup' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the chin-up bar with a mixed grip, shoulder-width apart..2.Place your feet on the ground, legs bent slightly..3.Use your legs to assist as you pull your chin above the bar..Biceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lats Exercise, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Assisted Pull Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the chin-up bar with an overhand grip, shoulder-width apart..2.Place your feet on the ground, legs bent slightly..3.Use your legs to assist as you pull your chin above the bar..Bodyweight Fitness, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Box Assisted Dips' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the edge of the boxes with your hands, Keep your feet together and legs straight..2.Lower your body straight down..3.Slowly press back up to the starting point..4.TIP: Make this harder by raising your feet off the floor and adding weight..Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Box Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a box or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Lower your body into a squat position, sitting back onto the box and pausing for a moment before standing back up..3.Push through your heels to return to the standing position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Clapping Push Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a push-up position..2.Lower your chest, explode up, clap hands..3.Land softly, repeat for reps..Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Close Grip Inverted Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar with a close grip. Feet on the floor..2.Break at the elbow and curl your body toward the bar..Biceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Concentration Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your elbow on one knee and your hand underneath the other leg. Keep the leg that's over your hand extended..2.Curl the working arm and use your leg as the resistance..Biceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Curtsy Deficit Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart, toes pointing straight forward or slightly out. Maintain a soft bend in your knees, avoiding locking them.2.Keep your chest up, shoulders pulled back and down, and your back straight. Engage your core.3.Initiate the movement by hinging at your hips, pushing your glutes backward as if you're trying to touch a wall behind you with your glutes. Allow your torso to lean forward, keeping your back flat and chest proud.4.As you hinge, imagine your hands sliding down the front of your thighs towards your knees or shins. Keep your shins relatively vertical throughout the movement.5.Continue to hinge until you feel a good stretch in your hamstrings, or until your torso is roughly parallel to the floor, or as far as you can go without rounding your back.6.To return to the starting position, drive through your heels, squeezing your glutes as you push your hips forward and stand tall. Avoid using your lower back to pull yourself up.7.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, focusing on the hip hinge movement rather than simply bending over."\n"The 'Bodyweight Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Diamond Knee Push Ups' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a push-up position with your hands forming a diamond shape under your chest..2.Lower your body, keeping elbows close..3.Push back up to the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Donkey Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold on to something for balance..2.Hinge forward and maintain that position. Calf raise until you feel a contraction in your calfs..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, At Home Exercise, Calves, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Elevated Push Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by placing two plates or low boxes on the floor, about shoulder-width apart..2.Position yourself in a plank position with your hands on top of the boxes/plates, keeping your arms straight..3.Keep your feet together, with your toes resting on the floor..4.Engage your core and lower your body towards the floor by bending your arms, until your chest nearly touches the dumbbells..5.Push your body back up to the starting position, straightening your arms and engaging your chest, triceps and shoulders..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Explosive Push Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a push-up position..2.Lower your chest, explode up..3.Land softly, repeat for reps..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your knees bent and feet on top of a sturdy box, bench or elevated surface..2.Drive through your heels to lift your hips off the floor, making sure to keep your feet and knees pointing forward..How to do Bodyweight Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, glute bridge, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, glutes"\n"The 'Bodyweight Feet Elevated Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your knees bent and feet on top of a sturdy box, bench or elevated surface..2.Drive through your heels to lift your hips off the floor, making sure to keep your feet and knees pointing forward..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, Bodyweight Fitness, glute bridge, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Bodyweight Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, glutes"\n"The 'Bodyweight Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your knees bent and feet on top of a sturdy box, bench or elevated surface. Lift one leg off the box..2.Drive through your heel to lift your hips off the floor, making sure to keep your feet and knees pointing forward..Bodyweight Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, glute bridge, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, advanced Bodyweight exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Bodyweight Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge, At Home Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge, glutes, single leg"\n"The 'Bodyweight Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your knees bent and feet in a staggered position on the box..2.Drive through your heels to lift your hips off the floor, making sure to keep your feet and knees pointing forward..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge, How to do Bodyweight Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge, glute bridge, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, staggered, At Home Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, glutes"\n"The 'Bodyweight Figure Four Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your foot resting on top of a box, and cross one leg over the other..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Hands Up Push Ups' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hands firmly on the ground, directly under shoulders..2.Flatten your back so your entire body is straight and slowly lower your body.3.Draw shoulder blades back and down, keeping elbows tucked close to your body. Bring chest all the way to the floor and raise hands off the ground..4.Exhale as you push back to the starting position..Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Hanging Knee Tuck' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip bar, hang with arms extended, body straight..2.Engage core, lift knees towards chest..3.Lower legs back down, maintain controlled movement..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Bodyweight Exercise, Abs Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Hanging L Sit' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip bar, hang with arms extended, body straight..2.Engage core, lift knees towards chest..3.Hold that position for the specified amount of time..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put your shoulder blades on a bench. Both feet on a low box or a plate..2.Start with your hips up..3.Drop your hips and then push your hips up toward the ceiling..Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Abduct at the hips and raise your leg out to the side..2.Return to the starting position and stop just short of your foot touching back to the ground (to keep tension on the muscle)..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Incline Knee Push Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by placing two boxes (or one) on the floor, about shoulder-width apart..2.Position yourself in a plank position with your hands on top of the box, keeping your arms straight..3.Put your knees on the floor..4.Engage your core and lower your body towards the floor by bending your arms, until your chest nearly touches the box..5.Push your body back up to the starting position, straightening your arms and engaging your chest, triceps and shoulders..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Inverted Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hang from a bar with your feet on the floor..2.Break at the elbows and curl your body towards the bar..Bodyweight Exercise, Bicep Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Kickstand Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, one foot slightly behind..2.Lower into a squat, keeping weight on front heel..3.Return to standing, engaging glutes and core..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Knee Plank Up Down' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from a kneeling plank position..2.Go to one elbow then the other. Try to avoid rocking back and forth..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Knee Push Ups' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a push-up position on your knees. Break at the elbow and shoulder joint..2.Lower your body, keeping elbows close..3.Push back up to the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Knee Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in kneeling position. Hands shoulder width apart. Break at the elbows while letting your elbows fall to the floor..2.Extend your elbows until you are back in the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Lateral Lunge Jump' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a shoulder width stance..2.Jump laterally and fall into a squat. Tap the ground..3.Jump the opposite direction.Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Ninety Ninety Hip Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor and bring one leg forward, bending your knee so your shin is perpendicular to your body and your thigh is at a 90-degree angle to your torso. Your foot should be flexed.2.Take your other leg and swing it behind you, bending that knee so your shin is also perpendicular to your body, creating a 90-degree angle at both your hip and knee. Both feet should be flexed, and your knees should be roughly aligned on either side of your body, forming a ""90/90"" shape with your legs.3.For the front leg, you can gently lean forward over your shin, keeping your back straight, to deepen the stretch in your glute and outer hip. You can support yourself with your hands on the floor in front of you.4.For the back leg, you can either keep your torso upright to feel a stretch in the inner thigh/hip flexor, or you can rotate your torso towards the back leg and gently lean back to intensify the stretch in that hip..5.Hold the stretch for 30-60 seconds on each side, breathing deeply and allowing your hips to relax into the position. You should feel a stretch in the glute/outer hip of the front leg and potentially the inner thigh/hip flexor of the back leg..6.Gently release the stretch and switch leg positions, repeating the process on the other side.."\n"The 'Bodyweight Overhand Inverted Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay underneath a fixed horizontal bar and grab the bar with a wide overhand grip..2.Pull your body straight up to the bar..3.Return to the starting position, your arms fully extended. Repeat..Mid Back Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Pike Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position. Push your hips up toward the ceiling..2.Lower your head towards the floor by bending your elbows.3.Push through your hands and return to the starting pike position..4.Repeat.Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Mid Back Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Shoulders Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Pike Shrug' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position and raise your hips toward the ceiling..2.Slowly lower your body (scapula) while keeping your elbows locked (this is key).3.Slowly raise your body back to the start position..Trapezius Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Traps Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Upper Traps Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Plank Arm Lift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position..2.Raise your arm out in front of you..3.Return to the starting position, then raise the opposing arm..4.Make sure to keep your hips stable. If you're unable to, try performing this exercise from the knees..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Bodyweight Exercise, Abs Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Plank Jack' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position, hands under shoulders, body straight..2.Jump feet wide, then back together, like a jumping jack..3.Keep core tight, maintain plank form, repeat for desired time or reps..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Plank Up Down' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from a plank position..2.Go to one elbow then the other. Try to avoid rocking back and forth..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Pop Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Start by doing a regular squat, tap the floor, then engage your core and jump up explosively..3.Bring your feet mostly together, tap your toes back to the floor, then bring your feet back their original width..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Pulse Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in goblet position..2.Squat down to parallel depth and then halfway back up..3.Stay in this short range of motion for the duration of the set..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Quad Stomp' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your foot on a plate or a low box..2.Put all of your weight on your front foot and lean forward..3.Lower until your calves touch your hamstrings and then extend back up..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a big step backwards with your left leg, lowering your body until your left thigh is parallel to the ground and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..2.Push through your right heel to return to standing, bringing your left leg back to starting position..3.Repeat the movement on the other side, stepping backwards with your right leg and lowering your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground and your left knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..Quad Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Reverse Lunge, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads, Lunge, How to do Bodyweight Reverse Lunge, At Home Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes"\n"The 'Bodyweight Reverse Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a box or bench behind you and one of your feet on the box/bench..2.The balls of your feet should be planted on the box/bench..3.Drive through the ball of your foot extending your knees until you're upright and standing on the box..Quads, How To Do A Bodyweight Reverse Step Up, How to do Bodyweight Reverse Step Up, Bodyweight Fitness, advanced exercise, Step Up, Leg Exercise, advanced Bodyweight exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, Leg Extension"\n"The 'Bodyweight Russian Twist' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hover your heels just off the ground..2.Stick your chest out and maintain a flat back. Make all the movement happen at your mid and upper spine..3.Point your chest to the left, then rotate at the spine until your chest is pointed right..Obliques, How to do Bodyweight Russian Twist, Bodyweight Fitness, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Russian Twist, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Single Leg Balance Stable' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold on to something stable and pull the leg on the opposing side straight up. Hold this position..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Single Leg Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold onto something for balance. Raise one foot off the ground..2.Raise your heel upwards while keeping your knees stationary..3.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, At Home Exercise, Calves, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Single Leg Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your foot on a plate or low box..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Single Leg Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on one leg, extend the other forward for balance..2.Lower into a squat, keeping your chest up and core tight..3.Press through your heel to stand back up, repeat..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, pistol squat"\n"The 'Bodyweight Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart..2.flex your knees and hips and sit back into the squat while lowering your body.3.Continue down to full depth.4.Return to starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How To Do A Bodyweight Squat, At Home Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, How to do Bodyweight Squat"\n"The 'Bodyweight Stability Ball Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back on a ball with your feet flat on the floor and your knees bent..2.Engage your core muscles and flex your spine until you feel your abs contract..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Stability Ball Hyperextension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie face-down on a stability ball, hips centered, feet anchored, hands behind your head..2.Engage your core, lift your upper body until aligned with legs, keeping your neck neutral..3.Lower your torso slowly back to the starting position, maintaining control and steady breathing..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Back, At Home Exercise, Lower back Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Staggered Waiters Bow' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up a bar at mid way up your quad. Place the working leg against the bar..2.Place one foot behind. You should only be on your toes on that back foot. Your front foot should be planted flat the entire time..3.Bend your back knee and push your hips back. Look for a stretch in your front hamstring..4.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward again until you're back in a standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Standing Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight using a balancing aid..2.Shift your weight on one leg..3.Bend and extend the non-weight bearing leg..4.Knees should remain aligned..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Standing Hamstring Curl Isometric' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight using a balancing aid..2.Shift your weight on one leg..3.Bend the non-weight bearing leg and hold..4.Knees should remain aligned..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Standing Inverted Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a door frame or a rack and place your feet near the frame..2.Start with your elbows extended, row your body towards your hands..3.Return to the starting position, your arms fully extended. Repeat..Mid Back Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Step Up Knee Drive' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height..2.Place your right foot on the box and push through the heel to lift your body up and onto the box, bring your off leg all the way through until your leg is parallel with the ground..3.Step back down with your right foot, lowering your left foot to the ground..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Swing Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width..2.Step forward with your right foot and bend both knees to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position..4.Step back with the same leg until the back knee taps the floor..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Swingthrough Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width..2.Step forward with your right foot and bend both knees to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position..4.Step back with the same leg until the back knee taps the floor..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Thoracic Spine Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on all fours then bring your chest to the ground. Place one hand on the ground in front of you. The other hand behind your head/ear..2.On the side of the hand that is behind your head, rotate until your elbow is pointed at the ceiling and then hold this position..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Tricep Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a plank position. Hands shoulder width apart. Break at the elbows while letting your elbows fall to the floor..2.Extend your elbows until you are back in the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Bodyweight Underhand Inverted Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay underneath a fixed horizontal bar and grab the bar with an underhand grip..2.Pull your body straight up to the bar..3.Return to the starting position, your arms fully extended. Repeat..Bodyweight Exercise, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Bodyweight Waiters Bow' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a barbell at about midway up your thigh. Press your quads into the barbell..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Burpee' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, quads, glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on Bosu with feet shoulder-width apart..2.Drop into squat position and place hands on Bosu..3.Jump feet back into plank, perform a pushup, then jump back to squat..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Burpee, Bosu, How to do Burpee"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on Bosu with feet hip-width apart..2.Rise up on toes, squeezing calves..3.Lower heels back down to complete one rep..Bosu, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, How To Do A Calf Raise, How to do Calf Raise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the bosu vertically..2.Flex your elbows curling the bosu toward your chin..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Curl, Arm Exercise, How to do Curl, Bosu, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Feet Elevated Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on back, place feet on Bosu, knees bent..2.Lift hips and squeeze glutes..3.Lower hips back down to complete one rep..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, Bosu"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Forearm Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place forearms on Bosu, elbows under shoulders..2.Extend legs, keeping body straight..3.Hold the plank position, engaging core..Abs Exercise, Abs, Bosu, Abdominals Exercise, How To Do A Forearm Plank, Abdominal Exercise, How to do Forearm Plank"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Forearm Sideplank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on one side, forearm on Bosu, elbow under shoulder..2.Lift hips to create a side plank..3.Hold the side plank position, then switch sides..How to do Forearm Sideplank, How To Do A Forearm Sideplank, Bosu, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the bosu vertically..2.Raise the bosu toward the ceiling while keeping your elbows mostly extended..How To Do A Front Raise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Bosu, How to do Front Raise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Half Burpee' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, quads, glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on Bosu with feet shoulder-width apart..2.Drop into squat position and place hands on Bosu..3.Jump feet back to plank, then jump back to squat..How to do Half Burpee, How To Do A Half Burpee, Glutes Exercise, Bosu, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Hand Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place hands on Bosu, shoulder-width apart..2.Extend legs, keeping body straight..3.Hold the plank position, engaging core..How To Do A Hand Plank, How to do Hand Plank, Abs, Bosu, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Hand Sideplank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place hand on Bosu, arm straight, facing sideways..2.Stack feet and lift hips to side plank..3.Hold the side plank position, then switch sides..Obliques, How To Do A Hand Sideplank, How to do Hand Sideplank, Obliques Exercise, Bosu, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Hand Sideplank Hip Abduction' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques, gluteus-medius' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a side plank with hand on Bosu..2.Lift the top leg while keeping the body stable..3.Lower the leg back down..How to do Hand Sideplank Hip Abduction, Obliques, How To Do A Hand Sideplank Hip Abduction, Obliques Exercise, Bosu, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on Bosu, lean back, hands on the floor..2.Drive hips upward, squeezing glutes..3.Lower hips back down to complete one rep..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Hip Thrust, Glute Exercise, How to do Hip Thrust, Bosu"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on Bosu, step sideways into a lunge..2.Bend knee, keeping the other leg straight..3.Push off the bent leg, return to starting position..How To Do A Lateral Lunge, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Lateral Lunge, Bosu, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Offset Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one hand on Bosu, other on the floor..2.Lower chest to the ground, keeping the body straight..3.Push back up to the starting position..How to do Offset Pushup, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Offset Pushup, Pecs, Bosu, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Pike Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place feet on Bosu, hips high, hands on the floor..2.Lower the head towards the ground, then push back up..3.Keep legs straight and hips elevated throughout..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Pike Pushup, How to do Pike Pushup, Bosu, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Pike Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place toes on Bosu, hands on the floor..2.Pike hips up, shrug shoulders, engage core..Trapezius Exercise, Traps Exercise, How To Do A Pike Shrug, Bosu, How to do Pike Shrug"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Plank Glute Kickback' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position with Bosu under feet..2.Lift one leg back, squeezing glutes..3.Lower the leg back down and switch sides..Butt Exercise, How to do Plank Glute Kickback, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Plank Glute Kickback, Bosu"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place hands on Bosu, shoulder-width apart..2.Lower chest to the ground, keeping the body straight..3.Push back up to the starting position..How to do Pushup, How To Do A Pushup, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Bosu, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest..2.Step back into lunge position..3.Return to starting position. Repeat on other leg..Gluteus Maximus Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, How To Do A Reverse Lunge, Quads Exercise, How to do Reverse Lunge"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold bosu and hinge forward..2.Pull bosu towards chest, squeezing shoulder blades..Bosu, How to do Row, Lats Exercise, How To Do A Row"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Single Leg Elevated Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on back, place one foot on Bosu, knee bent..2.Lift hips, squeezing glutes, one leg extended..3.Lower hips back down and switch legs..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Single Leg Elevated Glute Bridge, Bosu, How To Do A Single Leg Elevated Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Single Leg Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on Bosu, lean back, one foot on the floor..2.Drive hips upward, squeezing glutes, one leg extended..3.Lower hips back down and switch legs..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Single Leg Hip Thrust, How to do Single Leg Hip Thrust, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Bosu"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Single Leg Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a bosu ball and balance on one leg..2.Try to bend and extend the knee of the supporting leg (single leg squat) while keeping your balance..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Situp' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on back, bosu elevated toward the ceiling..2.Sit up, engaging core muscles..3.Lower back down to complete one situp..How To Do A Situp, Abs Exercise, Abs, Bosu, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How to do Situp"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a split stance. Make sure to keep your chest tall..2.Bring your rear knee to the floor or close to it..3.Drive through your front heel and your rear foot back to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Split Squat, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Split Squat, Balance, Squat, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, Split Squat"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on Bosu, feet shoulder-width apart..2.Squat down, keeping knees aligned with toes..3.Push through heels to stand back up..How to do Squat, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Bosu, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Squat"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Toe Tap' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a low box..2.Bring one foot to the edge of the box and alternate as quickly as possible..3.Only lightly tap your feet to the box..How To Do A Toe Tap, How to do Toe Tap, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Up And Over' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand next to Bosu, step up and over it..2.Repeat, moving laterally side to side..3.Keep a steady pace, engaging core muscles..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise, How to do Up And Over, Bosu, Abdominals Exercise, How To Do A Up And Over"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Walkover Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, abdominals' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place both hands on Bosu, wider than shoulder-width..2.Perform a pushup, then walk hands to the other side..3.Perform another pushup, repeat back and forth..How To Do A Walkover Pushup, How to do Walkover Pushup, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Bosu, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Ball Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bosu-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball with both hands and arms extended..2.Swing ball diagonally across body, engaging core..Obliques, How to do Wood Chopper, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, How To Do A Wood Chopper"\n"The 'Bosu Serratus Activation Active Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, shoulders, abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Support your weight on your forearms and toes (plank)..2.Allow your upper back to sink in between the shoulder blades..3.Push your elbows into the ground and slightly forward, and move the shoulder blades away from the spine..Pec Exercise, Pecs, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Chest Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Bosu Serratus Activation Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, shoulders' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Support your weight with your forearms on the bosu and toes on the floor (plank)..2.Allow your upper back to sink in between the shoulder blades..3.Push your elbows into the ground and slightly forward, and move the shoulder blades away from the spine..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Bow Pose' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides..2.Bend your knees and bring your heels towards your buttocks..3.Reach back with your hands and grab your ankles..4.Inhale and lift your chest off the ground, pulling your legs up and back with your hands..5.Keep your gaze forward and hold the pose for a few breaths before releasing back to the ground..Pecs, Yoga Exercises, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, Yoga Pose, Pec Exercise, Dhanurasana, Chest Exercise, Yoga, How To Do A Bow Pose, Bow Pose, How to do Bow Pose"\n"The 'Box Dips' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold your body with arms locked above the equipment.2.Lower your body slowly while leaning forward, flare out your elbows.3.Raise your body above the bars until your arms are locked..How To Do A Dips, Pecs, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, How to do Dips"\n"The 'Box Jump' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, outer-quadricep' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a box..2.*Start with a low box if this is your first time*.3.Sink into a quarter of half squat and then pop your hips forward..4.Try to land in the middle of the box as softly as possible to minimise impact on your joints..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Box Jump, How To Do A Box Jump"\n"The 'Box Supported Single Leg Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a box behind you and one foot on it. Keep your chest up and the back straight.2.Tilt at the hips to perform a deadlift. Use the box for balance and support.3.Make sure you straighten your back leg when performing the deadlift..4.As you get comfortable with the movement, try to lift the leg off the box when you reach the end range of the deadlift..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your back to a bench (or raised surface) and place one of your feet on the bench..2.Squat down until your front leg is about parallel to the floor..3.Go back to the starting position. After completing the desired amount of reps, switch legs and repeat..How To Do A Bulgarian Split Squat, How to do Bulgarian Split Squat, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Burpee' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start standing with your feet hip-width apart. Lower your body into a squat position, placing your hands on the ground in front of you..2.Quickly jump your feet back into a plank position, keeping your body in a straight line from your head to your toes..3.Perform a push-up, keeping your core tight and your elbows close to your body..4.Jump your feet back towards your hands, and then jump up into the air, reaching your arms overhead..5.Land softly and immediately lower your body back into the squat position to repeat the movement..Burpee, Bodyweight Fitness, Bodyweight, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Burpee, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, Chest Exercise, At home, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Burpee, Abdominal Exercise, Pecs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Butt Kick' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, jog in place, bringing heels toward your glutes..2.Keep your core tight and swing arms naturally..3.Alternate legs quickly, maintaining a steady rhythm..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable 30 Degree Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment on both sides of crossover. With cable attachment set all the way to the bottom..2.Grab both handles and make sure you are centered in the machine. Let your arms hang freely..3.Pull your shoulder blades up and in towards your ears. Let your shoulder blades depress back to the starting position..How To Do A Cable 30 Degree Shrug, How to do Cable 30 Degree Shrug, Trapezius Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, Traps Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Archer Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable at shoulder height..2.On the same side as the working arm, step back and rotate outwards..3.Pull your elbow back while flaring your elbow out..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Calve Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a straight bar or ez bar attachment with the cable set all the way to the bottom..2.Walk a few steps back..3.Pull your heels straight up until you feel a contraction in your calves and then back to original position..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cable Bar Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a bar attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face the cable machine..3.Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support. Face your palm forward. Flex at the elbow and extend..Short Head Bicep Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Long Head Bicep Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Face away from the cables..2.With your elbows extended raise your fists straight up to the ceiling until they are at eye level..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the bar attachment. The cable should be set all the way at the top of the machine..2.Make sure to keep your upper arm glued at your side. Extend your elbows until you feel your triceps contract..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Reverse Grip Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a bar attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face the cable machine..3.Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support. Face your palm down. Flex at the elbow and extend..Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Reverse Grip Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the bar attachment. The cable should be set all the way at the top of the machine. Grab the bar with n overhand grip..2.Make sure to keep your upper arm glued at your side. Extend your elbows until you feel your triceps contract..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a straight bar or ez bar attachment set to the bottom of the machine. Squat the weight up into a standing position and walk a few steps back.2.Push your butt back to initiate the movement and then push your butt forward until you're back in a standing position..3.To protect yourself from injury, always maintain a flat back on any exercise..How to do Cable Romanian Deadlift, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Cable Romanian Deadlift, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, intermediate Cables exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bar Staggered Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a straight bar attachment set to the bottom of the machine. Squat the weight up into a standing position and walk a few steps back..2.Stand with a staggered stance. Push your butt back to initiate the movement and then push your butt forward until you're back in a standing position..3.To protect yourself from injury, always maintain a flat back on any exercise..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine..3.Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support. Face your palm forward. Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Belt Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put on a dip belt and attach the cable carabiner to the chain/strap..2.Take a few steps back and stand tall. Raise up onto the balls of your feet and hold for a 1 count..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cable Belt Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put on a dip belt and attach the strap/ chain to the cable's carabiner..2.Take a few steps back and take a split stance..3.Lower into a split squat, letting the weight pull you forward. As you squat back to the starting position push yourself backwards against the resistance..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Belt Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put on a dip belt. Attach the strap/chain to the cable's carabiner..2.Take a few steps back. Begin to squat by flexing at the knees and hips..3.Let the weight pull you forward as you squat. Then push your toes through the front of your shoes as you squat back to the start position..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bench Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring a bench over to the cables, set the cables just below shoulder height..2.Bring both of the handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.Press the weight forward. From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct while your elbows stay in a fixed position..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up two cable pulleys to their lowest position. Position a flat or adjustable bench directly in the center, between the two cable machines.2.Lie down on the bench with your head under the cable pulleys. Grab a handle in each hand, palms facing forward (pronated grip). Your arms should be extended to the sides, feeling a stretch in your chest.3.Engage your core and press the handles upwards in an arc, bringing them together over your chest. Focus on squeezing your chest muscles as you press.4.Pause briefly at the top when your arms are fully extended and the handles are together (or nearly together) above your chest.5.Slowly lower the handles back down to the starting position with control, allowing your chest to stretch. Maintain tension on the cables throughout the movement.6.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Bench Straight Leg Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. The cable should be set to hip height..2.Push your ankle straight back, extending at the hip. Hold for a one count when you feel a contraction in your glutes..3.Then flex at the hips until you are back into your original position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Bent Over Bar Pullover' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.You can use any attachment. Cable should be set all the way to the top of the machine..2.Grab your attachment and walk a few steps back. Push your butt back to where you are leaning forward somewhat..3.Initiate the movement with your shoulders and not your elbows. Imagine trying to pull the attachment through your thighs at the bottom..Lats Exercise, How to do Cable Pullover, How To Do A Cable Pullover, intermediate Cables exercise"\n"The 'Cable Calve Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a straight bar or ez bar attachment with the cable set all the way to the bottom..2.Walk a few steps back..3.Pull your heels straight up until you feel a contraction in your calves and then back to original position..How to do Cable Calve Raise, beginner Cables exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, How To Do A Cable Calve Raise"\n"The 'Cable Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cables should be set to shoulder height..2.Bring both of the handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.Walk a few steps forward. Then press the weight forward..4.From there, you should flex and extend at both the shoulders and elbows simultaneously..Pecs, Pec Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, Chest Exercise, How to do Cable Chest Press, How To Do A Cable Chest Press"\n"The 'Cable Cross Pushdown' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Either use two handles or no attachment at all. Both sides of the cable crossover should be set to the top..2.Stand in the center of the machine holding each Cable in the opposing hand. Your upper arm should be at a 45 degree angle with your torso..3.Extend your elbows until you feel a contraction and then return to the starting position.advanced Cables exercise, How to do Cable Cross Pushdown, advanced exercise, How To Do A Cable Cross Pushdown, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Decline Bench Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring a bench over to the cables, set the cables above shoulder height..2.Bring both of the handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.Press the weight forward. From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct while your elbows stay in a fixed position..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Decline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. The cables should be set above height..2.Bring both of the handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.From there, you should flex and extend at both the shoulders and elbows simultaneously..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Decline Single Arm Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. The cable should be set above shoulder height..2.Bring one handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.From there, you should flex and extend at both the shoulders and elbows simultaneously..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Elevated Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with handles set to the bottom of the machine. Grab a box, stand on top of the box, squat the weight up into a standing position..2.Push your butt back to initiate the movement and then push your butt forward until you're back in a standing position..3.To protect yourself from injury, always maintain a flat back on any exercise..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable External Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the cable handle in one hand, elbow bent at 90 degrees going across your torso..2.Rotate your arm outward, keeping your elbow stable.."\n"The 'Cable Goblet Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a straight bar or easy bar attachment ..2.Get your elbows directly underneath the bar, squat straight up and then walk back a few steps..3.Break at your knees and hips to initiate the squat. Make sure you maintain a flat back..4.Squat all the way back to a standing position..Butt Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, How to do Cable Goblet Squat, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Cable Goblet Squat, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Half Kneeling High To Low Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the cable just over your head. Take a half kneeling position. Use a handle attachment..2.Face sideways, then rotate your torso with your arms extended against the resistance..3.After completing your given number of reps, face the opposite direction and repeat..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Half Kneeling Low To High Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the cable at a low position. Take a half kneeling position. Use a handle attachment..2.Face sideways, then rotate your torso with your arms extended against the resistance..3.After completing your given number of reps, face the opposite direction and repeat..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Half Kneeling Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the cable at nipple level. Take a half kneeling position. Use a handle attachment..2.Face sideways, then rotate your torso with your arms extended against the resistance..3.After completing your given number of reps, face the opposite direction and repeat..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Hammer Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from the cables and grab two handle attachments..2.Take a neutral grip, flex your elbows, and extend..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Long Head Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Hamstring Curl' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment with the cable set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Stand upright or try bending slightly forward..3.Flex at the knee and pull your ankle straight back..advanced exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Cable Hamstring Curl, Hamstrings Exercise, How To Do A Cable Hamstring Curl, advanced Cables exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable High Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set to about elbow height..2.Face away from the cable machine..3.Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support. Face your palm forward. Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable High Internally Rotated Reverse Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment or no attachment at all. The cable should be set to the top..2.Walk a few steps away with the cable coming from the opposing side of the working arms. Internally rotate the shoulders..3.From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct, while your elbows stay in a fixed position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable High Reverse Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment or no attachment at all. The cable should be set to the top..2.Walk a few steps away with the cable coming from the opposing side of the working arm..3.From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct, while your elbows stay in a fixed position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable High Single Arm Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment or no attachment at all. The cable should be set to the top..2.Walk a few steps away with the cable coming from the opposing side of the working arm..3.From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct, while your elbows stay in a fixed position..How To Do A Cable Rear Delt Fly, intermediate Cables exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Cable Rear Delt Fly, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. The cables should be set fairly low..2.Bring both of the handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.From there, you should flex and extend at both the shoulders and elbows simultaneously..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Upper Pectoralis Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Incline Bench Straight Leg Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. Put the bench at incline level. The cable should be set to shoulder height..2.Push your ankle straight back, extending at the hip. Hold for a one count when you feel a contraction in your glutes..3.Then flex at the hips until you are back into your original position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Incline Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable anchor at a lower level than your shoulders..2.Sit on the bench, leave your elbows mostly extended..3.Bring your fists together and flex your pecs..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Upper Pectoralis Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Lat Prayer' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.You can use any attachment. Cable should be set all the way to the top of the machine..2.Grab your attachment and walk a few steps back. Push your butt back to where you are leaning forward. Your ears should be between your arms..3.Initiate the movement with your shoulders and not your elbows. As you flex at the shoulder joint push your hips forward until your hips meet the attachment..advanced Cables exercise, advanced exercise, How To Do A Cable Lat Prayer, How to do Cable Lat Prayer, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Low Bilateral Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment with the cable set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.You should vertically abduct at the shoulder raising your arms straight out to the side..3.Raise until your arms are parallel with the ground and then back to the starting position..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Low Single Arm Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment with the cable set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.You should vertically abduct at the shoulder raising your arm straight out to the side..3.Raise until your arm is parallel with the ground and then back to the starting position..How To Do A Cable Lateral Raise, Shoulder Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How to do Cable Lateral Raise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Oblique Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the cable just over your head. Use a handle attachment..2.Face sideways, push the handle down until your elbow is extended. Flex your obliques until you feel a contraction..3.After completing your given number of reps, face the opposite direction and repeat..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment with the cable set to the bottom of the machine. Stand upright making sure to maintain a flat back. Your starting position will have your palms facing forward..2.Use both your elbows and shoulders to press the weight directly overhead..How to do Cable Overhead Press, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Overhead Tricep Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.You can use any attachment. The cable should be even with your mid-back. Face away from the machine..2.Point your elbows straight forward. Press the weight straight toward the ceiling..3.As you return to the start, push your elbows forward. Try to touch your biceps to your forearms at the bottom of each rep..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Pallof Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment, set the cable at nipple level, walk a few steps away, and face sideways..2.Start with both hands on the handle and your fists against your chest..3.Press the handle forward until your elbows are fully extended, then pull the handle back to your chest..How To Perform The Cable Pallof Press.Setup.You want the cable at roughly nipple height. Use a d handle attachment or a nylon plastic handle. Either interlock your fingers or place one set of fingers over the other. Whichever is more comfortable..Take a couple of steps away from the cable stack and face sideways. The cable itself should be pulling you to the side. Use a slightly wider than shoulder width stance. Don't be hesitant to further widen your stance. The wider your stance, the bigger your base of support and the more weight you will likely be able to use..Performing.Start with your fists up against your chest. Press the cable away from you until your elbows are fully extended. In this extended position you should feel your obliques contract. The further away from your center of gravity the resistance goes, the harder it is on the obliques. This is why it is of the utmost importance that you fully extend your elbows on each rep. That extended position is the most important part of the movement so spend an extra second with your elbows extended. If you start fatiguing to a point you're unable to maintain your torso position, end the set..Obliques, beginner Cables exercise, How to do Cable Pallof Press, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Cable Pallof Press, obliques, Ab Exercise, core"\n"The 'Cable Pallof Press Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment, set the cable at nipple level, walk a few steps away, and face sideways..2.Start with both hands on the handle and your fists against your chest..3.Press the handle forward until your elbows are fully extended, then rotate away from the cable stack..4.Then pull the handle back to your chest..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Pec Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Bring both of the handles to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.Walk a few steps forward. Then press the weight forward. From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct while your elbows stay in a fixed position..How To Do A Cable Pec Fly, beginner Cables exercise, How to do Cable Pec Fly, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Pull In' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment set all the way to the top of the cable crossover machine..2.Walk a few steps away from the cable machine. Face your body sideways..3.Face your palm up toward the ceiling. Then pull your elbow in toward your rib cage..Lats Exercise, How to do Cable Pull In, How To Do A Cable Pull In, intermediate Cables exercise"\n"The 'Cable Pull Through' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.This exercise works best with a rope attachment but can be done with anything. The attachment should be set to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine, straddle the cable itself, and grab the attachment. Walk a few steps away..3.Break at the hips while maintaining a flat back and mostly extended knees..4.Push hips forward until you are back in a standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Cable Pull Through, How To Do A Cable Pull Through, beginner Cables exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Quadruped Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. Cable should be set all the way to the bottom..2.Take a quadruped position with the cable going across your planted leg..3.Abduct at the hips and raise your leg out to the side..4.Return to the starting position and stop just short of the cables touching back down (to keep tension on the muscle)..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Reverse Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, wrist-extensors, wrist-flexors' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Face your palm downwards. Flex at the elbow and extend..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Face Pulls' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Facing the pulley, pull the weight towards you while keeping your arms parallel to the ground..2.Pull your hands back to both sides of your head and hold the position..3.Slowly return weight to starting position. Repeat..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, intermediate Machine exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Machine Face Pulls, How to do Machine Face Pulls, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Face away from the cables. Use a rope attachment..2.With your elbows extended raise your fists straight up to the ceiling until they are at eye level..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a rope attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Use a neutral grip thumb facing up pinky-facing down). Flex at the elbow and extend..Short Head Bicep Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Long Head Bicep Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Kneeling Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a rope attachment and set the cable all the way to the top..2.Walk a few steps forward then fall into a kneeling position..3.Push your hips back and flex your abs, then push hips forward until in the starting position..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Kneeling Face Pull' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with the cables at the top. Use a rope attachment. Fall to a half kneeling position..2.Pull the metal piece in the middle of the rope to the bridge of your nose..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Kneeling Oblique Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a rope attachment and set the cable all the way to the top..2.Walk a few steps forward then fall into a kneeling position..3.Push your hips back and flex your abs, then push hips forward until in the starting position..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Mid Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable at the same height as your fist when your arms are at your side and stand with the cable crossing your body..2.While keeping your elbow mostly extended, lift your arm until it's parallel with the floor..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.You can use any attachment. The cable should be all the way to the bottom of the machine. Face away from the machine..2.Point your elbows straight up toward the ceiling..3.From there, extend your elbows until your fists are pointed straight toward the ceiling..How to do Cable Overhead Tricep Extension, Arm Exercise, intermediate Cables exercise, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Cable Overhead Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.The cable should be set all the way at the top of the machine..2.Make sure to keep your upper arm glued at your side. Extend your elbows until you feel your triceps contract..How To Perform The Cable Pushdown.Set Up.Set the cable pin all the way to the top. You can use a rope or a straight bar attachment for this exercise. In our demo video, we are using a rope so our instructions will be specific to that..Grab onto the rope and take a few steps back. You can start with your elbows in an extended or flexed position..Push your butt back slightly. This will get your hips out of the way giving your arms enough room to fully extend..Performing The Cable Pushdown.My favorite cue to use on the Tricep Push Down is, ""T-Rex arms."" It's extremely important that you keep your upper arm and your elbows glued to your side. Your elbow joint should be causing the movement and your forearm should be the only moving body part. This will keep the stress and tension purely on your triceps and not recruit other body parts. Make sure to fully extend and flex your elbows on each rep..Be careful of swinging and bouncing on this exercise. It is very common to use too much weight on this exercise. If you find yourself having to use momentum, the weight is too heavy..Also, if you notice your shoulders beginning to roll forward on the concentric, the weight is too heavy. Your central nervous system is extremely intelligent and will help you get from point A to point B by any means necessary. It will begin trying to recruit your anterior deltoid and pec major by rolling your shoulders forward on top of the rope or straight bar so you can press the weight down instead of performing a strict Triceps Extension..beginner Cables exercise, How to do Cable Push Down, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Cable Push Down, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Single Arm Low Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a rope attachment with the cable set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.You should vertically abduct at the shoulder raising your arms straight out to the side..3.Raise until your arms are parallel with the ground and then back to the starting position..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.You can use a straight bar, rope, easy bar, or two handles. The cable should be set all the way to the top of the machine..2.Face away from the machine with your elbows up and the attachment just behind your head..3.Extend at the elbows until you feel a contraction in your triceps and then flex at the elbow back to the starting position..How To Do A Cable Skullcrusher, How to do Cable Skullcrusher, Arm Exercise, intermediate Cables exercise, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Rope Upright Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a rope attachment with the cable set to the bottom of the machine..2.Pull your elbows straight up toward the ceiling until the attachment is just below your chin then extend until your elbows are fully extended..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Row Bar Kneeling Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a double handle attachment and set the cable all the way to the top..2.Walk a few steps forward then fall into a kneeling position..3.Push your hips back and flex your abs, then push hips forward until in the starting position..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How to do Cable Kneeling Crunch, Abs Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Kneeling Crunch, Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Row Bar Standing Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable at shoulder height. Use a row bar..2.Pull the handles back using your arms. Push out your chest..3.Pull the handles towards your body until your hands are beside your abdomen..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Seated Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Sit on a bench facing away from the cable machine..3.Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support. Face your palm forward. Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Seated Bayesian Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine and sit on the bench. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Use a neutral grip thumb facing up pinky-facing down). Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Seated Bayesian Reverse Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, wrist-extensors, wrist-flexors' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine and sit on the bench. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Face your palm downwards. Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Seated Leg Curl' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring a bench over to the cable stack, put the cable at head height (when seated). Use an ankle attachment..2.Sit on the bench..3.Flex at the knee and pull your ankle straight back..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Medial Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Seated Leg Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle/wrist attachment. Pull the cable under the bench and attach it at your ankle..2.Extend at the knee against the cable..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Side Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the cable at the bottom of the stack. Use a handle attachment..2.Face sideways, grab the handle, lean away from the cable..3.After completing your given number of reps, face the opposite direction and repeat..Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques"\n"The 'Cable Silverback Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a bar attachment. Cable should be set all the way to the bottom..2.Stand up with the attachment in hand, walk a couple of steps back make sure you are standing upright and not leaning backwards..3.Retract your shoulder blades and then protract to return to the starting position..Cobra Traps, Mid Back Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Silverback Shrug, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, How to do Cable Silverback Shrug, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm 30 Degree Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. With the cable attachment set all the way to the bottom..2.Grab one handle and make sure you are centered in the machine. Let your arm hang freely..3.Pull your shoulder blade up and in towards your ears. Let your shoulder blade depress back to the starting position..Traps Exercise, Upper Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Bayesian Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine..3.Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support. Face your palm forward. Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Cable Bayesian Curl, Bicep Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, Arm Exercise, How to do Cable Bayesian Curl"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Bench Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring a bench over to the cables, set the cable just below shoulder height..2.Bring the handle to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.Press the weight forward. From there, your shoulder should horizontally abduct and adduct while your elbow stays in a fixed position..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. The cable should be set to shoulder height..2.Bring the handle to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.From there, you should flex and extend at both the shoulder and elbow simultaneously..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Cross Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Either use a handle or no attachment at all. The cable crossover should be set to the top..2.Stand in the center of the machine holding the cable in the opposing hand. Your upper arm should be at a 45 degree angle with your torso..3.Extend your elbow until you feel a contraction and then return to the starting position.Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Decline Bench Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring a bench over to the cables, set the cable above shoulder height..2.Bring the handle to your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.Press the weight forward. From there, your shoulders should horizontally abduct and adduct while your elbow stays in a fixed position..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Use a neutral grip thumb facing up pinky-facing down). Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Hammer Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, How to do Cable Hammer Curl"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, upper-pectoralis' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. Bring a bench over to the cables. The cable should be set fairly low..2.Bring the handle across your chest and make sure you are in the center of the cable crossover..3.From there, you should flex and extend at both the shoulder and elbow simultaneously..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Upper Pectoralis Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Incline Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable anchor at a lower level than your shoulders..2.Sit on the bench, leave your elbows mostly extended..3.Bring your arm across your chest and flex your pec..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Upper Pectoralis Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Internally Rotated High Reverse Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment or no attachment at all. The cable should be set to the top..2.Walk a few steps away with the cable coming from the opposing side of the working arms. Internally rotate the shoulders..3.From there, your shoulder should horizontally abduct and adduct, while your elbows stay in a fixed position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Neutral Grip Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable at shoulder height. Use a handle attachment. Face your palm toward the midline of your body..2.Pull the handle back using your arms. Push out your chest..3.Pull the handle towards your body until your hands are beside your abdomen..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set to your mid-back. Face away from the machine..2.Point your elbows straight up toward the ceiling..3.From there, extend your elbows until your fists are pointed straight toward the ceiling..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Rear Delt Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment, grab with an overhand grip and take a position with the cable crossing your body..2.Pull your elbows back while flaring your elbows outward..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, wrist-extensors, wrist-flexors' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Face your palm downwards. Flex at the elbow and extend..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Cable Reverse Curl, How to do Cable Reverse Curl, Arm Exercise, intermediate Cables exercise, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Rope Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the rope attachment. The cable should be set all the way at the top of the machine..2.Make sure to keep your upper arm glued at your side. Extend your elbows until you feel your triceps contract..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from the cable, which is at the top of the cable stack..2.Keep your elbow pointed forward, and extend and flex your elbow..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Arm Underhand Grip Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable at shoulder height. Use a handle attachment. Face your palm upward..2.Pull the handle back using your arms. Push out your chest..3.Pull the handle towards your body until your hands are beside your abdomen..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Leg Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a straight bar or easy bar attachment. Squat the weight up into a standing position and walk a few steps back..2.Push your butt back to initiate the movement while lifting one of your legs. Then push your butt forward until you're back in a standing position..3.Compete your given amount of reps, then switch to opposite leg..4.To protect yourself from injury, always maintain a flat back..How to do Cable Single Leg Deadlift, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, advanced Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Single Leg Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Single Leg Laying Leg Curl' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring a bench over to the cable stack, put the cable all the way at the bottom. Use an ankle attachment..2.Lay on the bench..3.Flex at the knee and pull your ankle straight back..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Medial Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Split Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.You can use a straight or EZ bar on this exercise. Cable should be set all to the bottom..2.Grab the attachment and walk back a few steps. Take a split stance. One leg in front and one behind..3.Break at the knees and hips to initiate the split squat. Make sure your back knee touches the floor..4.Squat back up into a standing position..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Cable Split Squat, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Cable Split Squat, Quad Exercise, advanced Cables exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Crunch' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a double handle attachment and set the cable all the way to the top..2.Face away from the cable tower and walk a few steps forward..3.Push your hips back, and flex your abs..4.Return to the starting standing position and repeat..advanced exercise, How To Do A Cable Standing Crunch, How to do Cable Standing Crunch, advanced Cables exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Glute Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. The cable should be set to the bottom of the crossover machine..2.Break at the knee, push your ankle straight back, extending at the hip. Hold for a one count when you feel a contraction in your glutes..3.Then flex at the hips until you are back into your original position..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. Cable should be set all the way to the bottom..2.Face sideways with the ankle attachment on your outside leg. Walk a few steps away..3.Abduct at the hips and raise your leg out to the side..4.Return to the starting position and stop just short of your foot touching back to the ground (to keep tension on the muscle)..How To Do A Cable Hip Abduction, Butt Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Cable Hip Abduction, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Hip Adduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, inner-thigh' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring the cable all the way to the bottom of the stack. Use an ankle attachment..2.Keeping your feet together, move your legs out to the sides and then back to the midline of your body. Repeat for the desired number of repetitions..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Leg Extension' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright facing away from the cable crossover with the cable set to the height of your hips. Use an ankle/wrist attachment..2.Extend at the knee against the cable..advanced Cables exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, advanced exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Cable Standing Leg Extension, How to do Cable Standing Leg Extension"\n"The 'Cable Standing Mid Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. The cable should be set halfway up the crossover machine..2.Start with a bent knee position. Push your ankle straight back, extending at the hip. Hold for a one count when you feel a contraction in your glutes..3.Then flex at the hips until you are back into your original position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Straight Leg Glute Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. The cable should be set to the bottom of the crossover machine..2.Push your ankle straight back, extending at the hip. Hold for a one count when you feel a contraction in your glutes..3.Then flex at the hips until you are back into your original position..Butt Exercise, beginner Cables exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, How to do Cable Glute Kickback, How To Do A Cable Glute Kickback, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Standing Straight Leg Mid Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use an ankle attachment. The cable should be set to halfway up the crossover machine..2.Push your ankle straight back, extending at the hip. Hold for a one count when you feel a contraction in your glutes..3.Then flex at the hips until you are back into your original position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Supinating Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the cable at shoulder height..2.Start with an overhand grip. As you pull your elbow back, rotate your palm until it faces upward..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Tricep Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set to hip height..2.Hinge forward. Make sure to keep your upper arm glued at your side. Extend your elbows until you feel your triceps contract..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Twisting Curl' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Start with a neutral grip. Flex at the elbow. While flexing twist your palm. When you hit the top of the movement your palm should be facing upward..Biceps Exercise, How to do Cable Twisting Curl, advanced exercise, Arm Exercise, advanced Cables exercise, Bicep Exercise, How To Do A Cable Twisting Curl"\n"The 'Cable Upright Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment with the cable set to the bottom of the machine..2.Pull your elbows straight up toward the ceiling until the attachment is just below your chin then extend until your elbows are fully extended..advanced Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Upright Row, Shoulder Exercise, advanced exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How to do Cable Upright Row"\n"The 'Cable Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the cable at about nipple level. Use a handle attachment..2.Face sideways, then rotate your torso with your arms extended against the resistance..3.After completing your given number of reps, face the opposite direction and repeat..Obliques, How To Do A Cable Wood Chopper, How to do Cable Wood Chopper, Obliques Exercise, intermediate Cables exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Start with your elbow at a 90 angle with your palm facing up. Flex and extend at the wrist..How to do Cable Wrist Curl, Forearms Exercise, intermediate Cables exercise, Forearm Exercise, How To Do A Cable Wrist Curl"\n"The 'Cable Wrist Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-extensors' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a handle attachment. The cable should be set all the way to the bottom of the machine..2.Face away from the cable machine. Stagger your stance so you have a better base of support..3.Start with your elbow at a 90 degree angle with your palm facing down. Flex and extend at the wrist..advanced exercise, advanced Cables exercise, How To Do A Cable Wrist Extension, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, How to do Cable Wrist Extension"\n"The 'Cable Zercher Good Morning' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet about hip-width apart and holding the bar in the crook of your elbows, with your palms facing towards your body..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, bend at the hips and lower your torso forward until it is nearly parallel to the ground..3.Push through your heels to extend your hips and raise your body back to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cable Zercher Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'cables'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a straight bar or easy bar attachment ..2.Place the bar in your elbows, squat straight up and then walk back a few steps..3.Break at your knees and hips to initiate the squat. Make sure you maintain a flat back..4.Squat all the way back to a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Calf Isometric On Step' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the edge of a step (on the balls of your feet).2.Support your weight in this position for the given amount of time.3.You should feel your calves working.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Mobilisation Seated Floor Roll' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs extended in front of you. Place a foam roller horizontally under the calf of one leg, somewhere between your ankle and knee.2.Place your hands on the floor behind you for support, lifting your hips off the ground so that your weight rests on the foam roller and your arms.3.Slowly roll your calf back and forth over the foam roller, moving from just above your ankle up to just below your knee. Feel for any tender spots or areas of tightness.4.When you find a tender spot, pause on it and apply pressure for 20-30 seconds, allowing the muscle to release. You can also slightly rotate your leg inwards and outwards to hit different angles of the calf muscle.5.For increased pressure, you can cross your other leg over the leg on the foam roller, or simply apply more bodyweight through your arms.6.Continue rolling for 1-2 minutes, or until the calf feels more pliable and less tender. Then, switch the foam roller to the other leg and repeat the process.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 1A Bilateral Eccentric Floor' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet hip-width apart on a flat floor. You may stand near a wall or sturdy object for balance, if needed.2.Perform a regular calf raise by pushing up onto the balls of both feet and lifting your heels as high as possible. Hold this top position for a brief moment, ensuring you're fully contracted in your calves.3.Now, slowly and with control, lower both heels back down to the floor. The key is to make this lowering phase (the eccentric phase) as slow and controlled as possible, resisting gravity. Aim for a 3-5 second descent.4.Once your heels touch the floor, immediately initiate the next repetition by pushing back up onto your toes.5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, focusing on the slow and controlled lowering phase of each rep..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 1B Bilateral Floor' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, shift your weight onto the balls of your feet.2.Raise the heels off the ground, before lowering them back to the ground.3.Do not rest at the bottom. As soon as you feel your heels touch the ground, repeat the movement.4.You should feel your calves working.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 1C Bilateral Eccentric From Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.While standing on the edge of a step, shift your weight on your toes while quickly raising the heals.2.Hold the top position for a split second and then very slowly lower your heels below the level of the step until you start feeling a stretch in the calves.3.Try to avoid muscular (calf) contraction while raising the heels and then exert muscular contraction on the eccentric phase.4.Pause on both ends of range.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 1D Bilateral From Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the edge of a step to place the balls of your feet on.2.Raise the heels, before lowering them below the level of the step, or until you feel a stretch in the calves.3.Try pausing on both ends of range for a split second.4.You should feel your calves working.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 1E Bilateral Isometric Floor' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, shift your weight onto the balls of your feet.2.Raise the heels off the ground, and hold the position for the duration specified.3.You should feel your calves working.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 2A Eccentric Unilateral Floor' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Raise both heels off the ground, shift your weight onto the working leg while the opposite leg is suspended..2.Hold the top position for a split second and then very slowly lower your heel to the ground.3.Try to avoid muscular (calf) contraction while raising the heel and then exert muscular contraction on the eccentric phase.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 2B Unilateral Floor' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, shift your weight onto onto one foot.2.Raise the heel of the working leg off the ground, before lowering it back to the ground.3.Do not rest at the bottom. As soon as you feel your heel touch the ground, repeat the movement.4.You should feel your calf working.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 2C Eccentric Unilateral From Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.While standing on the edge of a step, use both legs to raise your heels, before shifting your weight onto the working leg.2.Hold the top position for a split second and then very slowly lower your heel below the level of the step or until you start feeling a stretch in the calf.3.Try to avoid muscular (calf) contraction while raising the heels and then exert muscular contraction on the eccentric phase.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 2D Unilateral From Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the edge of a step to place the balls of one foot on.2.Raise the heel, before lowering it below the level of the step, or until you feel a stretch in the calf.3.Try pausing on both ends of range for a split second.Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 3A Soleus Bias Bilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, bend your knees till you get to a squated or semi-squated position.2.Maintain the squat while raising both heels off the ground.3.Hold the position for a split second before lowering your heels again.4.Do not rest at the bottom. As soon as you feel your heels touch the ground, repeat the movement.Calves Exercise, Soleus Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise 3B Soleus Bias Unilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, bend your knees till you get to a squated or semi-squated position. Be close to a pole or squat rack to use for balance.2.Maintain the squat while shifting your weight onto the working leg and raising the other off the ground.3.Raise your heel off the ground.4.Hold the position for a split second before lowering your heel again.5.Do not rest at the bottom. As soon as you feel your heel touch the ground, repeat the movement.Calves Exercise, Soleus Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raise Isometric Unilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, shift your weight onto the balls of one foot..2.Raise your heel off the ground, and hold the position for the duration specified.3.You should feel your calf working..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Calf Raises' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Balance on the balls of your feet on the platform or plates, leaning forward to use the wall to assist with balance..2.Lower the heels of your feet towards the ground and pause, then push through the balls of your feet like you are standing tip toe, pausing at the apex of the motion..3.Repeat as necessary..Here are a few tips to help you get the most out of this exercise:.Keep your core engaged and your shoulders relaxed as you perform the calf raises..Focus on controlling the movement and avoiding any bouncing or momentum..To increase the difficulty of the exercise, you can try performing it on one leg at a time, or with a weight in your hand..How To Do A Calf Raises, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, At Home Exercise, How to do Calf Raises, Calves, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Calf Stretch On Box Bilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a box. From the standing position, shift your weight onto the balls of one foot..2.Lower the heels of your feet toward the ground, and hold the position for the duration specified.3.You should feel your calf stretching..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Calves Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the ball of your foot against the wall with your heel on the ground. Place your hands on the wall in front of your shoulders..2.Keeping your knee straight, slowly lean towards the wall, pause for a few seconds when you feel the stretch extending through your calf muscle..3.Return to the starting position, and repeat the stretch with your other leg..Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Calves Stretch Variation One, How to do Calves Stretch Variation One, beginner Stretches exercise"\n"The 'Calves Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Balance the balls of your feet on the platform, leaning forward to use the wall to assist with balance. Engage your calves so that your feet are flat before beginning the stretch..2.Lower the heels of your feet towards the ground and pause, then push through the balls of your feet like you are standing tip toe, pausing at the apex of the stretch..3.Repeat as necessary..Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, How to do Calves Stretch Variation Three, Fitness Stretch, beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Calves Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Calves Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.With both feet flat on the ground, place one leg in front of your shoulder, your other leg should mirror this position behind your other shoulder. In the starting position both of your knees should be straight..2.Place the palms of your hands against the wall at shoulder height in front of you, lean towards the wall and bend your front leg at the knee while keeping your back leg straight..3.Pause at the apex of the stretch and return to the starting position. Switch the position of your legs and repeat..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Calves Stretch Variation Two, How To Do A Calves Stretch Variation Two, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio Assault Bike' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest, quads, glutes, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust seat and handlebar height for comfort and proper posture on the assault bike..2.Start pedaling with even, controlled motion, maintaining your desired resistance level..3.Monitor heart rate and intensity; increase or decrease resistance for an effective cardio workout..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Assault Bike Arms Only' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust seat and handlebar height for comfort and proper posture on the assault bike..2.Start pedaling with even, controlled motion, maintaining your desired resistance level. Then keep the motion going with only your arms..Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Band Hammer Curl Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'biceps, gluteus-medius' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a band looped under both feet and the band grasped in both hands..2.Do a light hop and bring your feet outward while simultaneously flexing the elbows..3.Bring both feet back together and extend the elbows..Biceps Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Arm Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Band Press Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'triceps, gluteus-medius, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with the band looped under both feet and the other end of the band in both hands in an overhead press position..2.Do a light hop and bring both feet outward while pressing the band overhead..Glutes Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Band Reverse Fly Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'gluteus-medius, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the band with a double overhand grip. Bring both feet outward while performing a little hop..2.As you hop, pull the band apart..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Band Seal Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest, gluteus-medius' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Loop a band around your back. Start with both arms extended at your side..2.As you perform the jack. Bring both arms together and make a little clap..Pecs, Glutes Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Box Quick Feet' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stay light on your toes and tap both feet to the ground in quick succession..2.Move in a square pattern..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio Criss Cross Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'glutes, calves, gluteus-medius, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Perform a jumping jack while crossing the feet..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Calves Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Calves, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Diamond Hop' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.With both feet, leap forward then back, then to the left, then to the right..2.Repeat..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Figure Eight Sprint' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Perform s sprint in a figure eight pattern..2.Make sure to stay low..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Calves Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Calves, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Forward Scissor' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals, lower-abdominals, rectus-femoris' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Do a light hop and split your stance..2.Land lightly on your toes, and then bring the opposing leg forward..Butt Exercise, Lower Abdominals Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio In And Out Forward' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals, lower-abdominals, rectus-femoris' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring one leg forward and then the other..2.Bring the original leg backwards and then the other..Butt Exercise, Lower Abdominals Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio In And Outs' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'glutes, calves, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a high plank position with your hands directly under your shoulders, fingers pointing forward, and your body in a straight line from head to heels. Your feet should be together.2.Keeping your core tight and hips stable, simultaneously jump both feet outwards, wider than hip-width apart, landing softly on the balls of your feet.3.Immediately and with control, jump both feet back inwards to the starting plank position, bringing them together again.4.Continue to rapidly jump your feet in and out, maintaining a strong plank throughout the movement. Focus on controlled, quick movements rather than speed that compromises form.5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions or time interval.Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Calves Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio In In Out Out Shuffle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'glutes, calves, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with your feet side by side..2.Bring one foot laterally, then the other..3.Return the first foot to its starting position, then the other..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Calves Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio Jumping Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'gluteus-medius, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet together, arms at your sides, ready to jump..2.Jump while spreading legs and raising arms overhead..3.Return to starting position with legs together and arms at your sides. Repeat..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Glute Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Karaoke' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright, feet together, facing forward, ready to move laterally..2.Move right foot behind left, then step left foot to the side..3.Alternate crossing and stepping, increase speed, maintain rhythm and balance..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Knee Taps' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight, feet hip-width apart, engage core..2.Lift knees alternately, tap with same side hand..3.Continue rhythmically, maintain posture, increase speed as able..Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Lateral Quick Feet' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a shoulder width stance..2.Quickly tap your feet while moving laterally..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Lateral Shuffle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a wide stance..2.Shuffle sideways for a specified distance while maintaining a quarter squat position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Long Jump' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand feet shoulder-width, knees slightly bent, arms behind you, eyes forward..2.Swing arms backward, squat deeply, loading legs for explosive power..3.Swing arms, explode forward, extend legs mid-air, land softly on both feet..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Long Jump Shuffle Back' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand feet shoulder-width, knees slightly bent, arms behind you, eyes forward..2.Swing arms backward, squat deeply, loading legs for explosive power..3.Swing arms, explode forward, extend legs mid-air, land softly on both feet..4.Shuffle back to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Quick Feet' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Quickly tap each foot to the ground..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio Row Erg Rower' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'biceps, quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on seat, feet strapped in, grip handle with arms extended..2.Push with legs, lean back slightly, pull handle to lower ribs..3.Extend arms, lean forward from hips, bend knees to return to start..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Arm Exercise, Lats Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Row Erg Rower Arms Only' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Make sure your feet are strapped in tightly..2.Without bending your legs, pull the handle to your ribcage..3.Fully extend your elbows before initiating the next rep..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Row Erg Rower Four Stroke Sprint Start' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'biceps, quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on seat, feet strapped in, grip handle with arms extended..2.Push with legs, lean back slightly. Do four small pulls with increasing distance on each rep..3.Extend arms, lean forward from hips, bend knees to return to start..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Arm Exercise, Lats Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Row Erg Rower Legs Only' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Strap your feet in tightly..2.Keep your arms extended while flexing and extending at the hips and knees..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Seal Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet together, arms in front at chest level, palms touching..2.Spread legs wide, simultaneously swing arms out to sides, palms facing forward..3.Jump back to starting position, bringing arms together again quickly. Repeat rhythmically..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Calves Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio Shuttle Sprint' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up two cones at a specified distance..2.Stay low and sprint quickly to the second cone..3.Hinge forward and tap the cone, then turn and sprint to the original cone..4.Repeat for the desired time or reps..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Calves, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Single Leg Forward Hop' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Pick up one leg off the ground..2.Hop forward and backward quickly while staying on your toes..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Cardio Single Leg Lateral Hop' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Pick up one leg off the ground..2.Hop laterally quickly while staying on your toes..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Skater' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand, balance on right foot, left foot behind, slightly bent knees..2.Jump to left, landing on left foot, right foot behind, swinging arms..3.Continue leaping side-to-side, maintaining balance and speed, like a speed skater..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Skater To Single Leg Burpee' is a 'Advanced' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest, glutes, calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Leap sideways, land on right foot, left leg behind to the side..2.Drop into a single-leg burpee, right leg only, hands to ground..3.Return to standing on right, leap sideways to left, repeat with left leg..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Calves Exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Calves, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Ski Erg' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'triceps, abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Leap sideways, land on right foot, left leg behind to the side..2.Drop into a single-leg burpee, right leg only, hands to ground..3.Return to standing on right, leap sideways to left, repeat with left leg..Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Lats Exercise, Arm Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Sprint In Place' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, feet hip-width apart, knees slightly bent, ready to move..2.Quickly drive knees up towards chest, alternating legs, pumping arms in rhythm..3.Gradually speed up, maintaining high knees and arm movement, breathe steadily..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Step Out Jacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, feet together, arms by sides, ready to move..2.Step right foot out, simultaneously raise arms above head..3.Step right foot in, lower arms, repeat left, maintain rhythm..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Cardio Three Step Heismans' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a shoulder width stance..2.Stay on your toes, step right, tap your left toe to the ground, plant your right foot and raise your left leg..3.Then repeat in the opposite direction..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Calves Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Calves, Quads Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Chair Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight with your feet hip-width apart and arms at your sides..2.Inhale and raise your arms straight up over your head..3.Exhale and bend your knees, lowering your hips as if you were sitting in a chair..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, then inhale and stand up straight..beginner Yoga exercise, Chair Pose, Yoga, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Chair Pose, Quad Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Utkatasana, How to do Chair Pose, Quads Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Chest Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Raise your arms to shoulder height, fully extended in front of you..2.Slowly bring your arms behind your back still at shoulder height..3.Pause for a few seconds and then return to starting position..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How to do Chest Stretch Variation Four, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Chest Stretch Variation Four"\n"The 'Chest Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Using a raised wall, place your arm at a 90 degree angle against it..2.With a staggered stance, lean into the wall extending your chest..3.Pause for a few seconds and then return to starting position and repeat on opposite side..Pecs, How To Do A Chest Stretch Variation One, Fitness Stretch, Pec Exercise, How to do Chest Stretch Variation One, Chest Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise"\n"The 'Chest Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your arms behind your back and clasp your hands together..2.Slowly extend your elbows until they are locked then lift them away from you..3.Pause in this position for a few seconds and then return them to starting position..beginner Stretches exercise, How to do Chest Stretch Variation Three, Fitness Stretch, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Chest Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Chest Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side with one hand just in front of you..2.With a slight bend in your arm, rotate your arm around your body as slowly as possible..3.Return to the starting position and then repeat on the other side..beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Chest Stretch Variation Two, Fitness Stretch, How to do Chest Stretch Variation Two, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Child Pose Elbows On Block' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place two blocks on the floor, shoulder-width apart..2.Kneel in front of the blocks, and lower your torso down so that your elbows are resting on the blocks, and your forehead is resting on the floor..3.Relax your arms, shoulders, and neck, and breathe deeply..4.Hold for a few breaths, then release..Child Pose, How to do Child Pose Elbows On Block, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, How To Do A Child Pose Elbows On Block, Yoga Fitness, Balasana Prayer, Yoga Pose, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Yoga"\n"The 'Chin Ups' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar shoulder width apart with a supinated grip (palms facing you).2.With your body hanging and arms fully extended, pull yourself up until your chin is past the bar..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..How To Perform The Chin Up.Setup.Grab the Chin Up bar with an underhand grip. Make sure the bars are set very deeply in your hand. Your palms should be making contact with the bar. .Next, if you are using a bench or box to reach the Chin Up bars, step off of the step, and hold for a second, in a dead hang position. If you begin initiating the reps before the dead hang, you might swing too much to perform the exercise strictly. If you can reach the  bars without having to stand on anything, take your grip and then pull your feet slightly off the floor. Still hold for a second to prevent any swinging from happening..Pull your shoulder blades down. This will engage your mid and lower traps and force your lats to do most of the work. Also, before beginning the first rep, make sure your elbows are extended..Lower body.Angle your legs forward slightly, push your hips back, and point your toes. This will force you to flex your abdominals and keep you more stable throughout the rep. (This will massively help you keep the reps strict)..Performing.Once you are in the proper position, begin to pull. Imagine trying to pull your elbows straight down to your sides..Get your chin over the bar before beginning the eccentric portion of the rap. Your elbows should fully extend at the bottom of each rep..Progressing The Chin Up.Decide on a rep range. For example, 6 to 10. Once you are able to perform 10 reps with strict form, then it is time to progress. Do not be shy or hesitant to start adding weight  early on. Even if it is only 5 pounds. Progress is progress! From there, progress like you would any other exercise. Once you hit the top end of the rep range, add some more weight..The best way to get better at doing Chin Ups is to do Chin Ups. But if you can't do them in the first place, then what should you do? .Try the Neutral Grip Chin Up. Its an easier variation because the lats are in their strongest position..Shorten the range of motion, and try to get a longer range of motion overtime. if you can only do half a Chin Up,  (meaning you can get your elbows to roughly 90) don't be ashamed to do those half reps. Set a rep range like with anything else. We will use 5 to 8 reps for this example. Once you are able to hit 8 of the half reps, try to go an extra 2 to 3 inches higher on each rep. You won't be able to do 8 when you advance the range of motion. So Build your way back up to 8..How To Do A Chin Ups, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Chin Ups, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Clamshells 1 Side Lying' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side with knees bent. 90 angle at hips, knees and feet..2.Externally rotate the top knee without dropping your hip back.3.Hold for a split second (or as indicated by therapist/trainer) and return to starting position without resting on the under knee.Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Clamshells 2 Side Lying' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side with knees bent. 90 angle at hips, knees and feet..2.Lift your top leg slightly so no support is coming from the under leg..3.Externally rotate the top knee without dropping your hip back.4.Hold for a split second (or as indicated by therapist/trainer) and return to starting position.Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Clamshells 3 Internal External Rotations Side Lying' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side with knees bent. 90 angle at hips, knees and feet..2.Lift your top leg a few centimeters off of the under leg (15-20cm).3.Externally rotate the top knee without dropping your hip back..4.Hold for a split second (or as indicated by therapist/trainer) and then internally rotate the knee.Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Clamshells 4 Side Lying Resisted' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side with knees bent and a loop band around them. 90 angle at hips, knees and feet..2.Externally rotate the top knee without dropping your hip back.3.Hold for a split second (or as indicated by therapist/trainer) and return to starting position without resting on the under knee.Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Clock Taps' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Balance on one leg.2.Try to tap your targets with the toes of your suspended leg.3.The goal is to maintain balance while moving your leg towards the target and back.Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Cobra Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start prone, hands under shoulders..2.Inhale, lift chest, arch back..3.Elongate neck, gaze up. Breathe, hold. Release, exhale..Yoga, Abs Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Yoga Fitness, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Core Stability 1 Crosslateral Limb Raise 4Pt Position' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, abdominals, obliques, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to the 4 point position (on all fours).2.90 angles at hips and shoulder and neutral spine.3.Raise opposite limbs till they are parallel to the ground.4.Hold for a split second and bring back to starting position.Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Core Stability 2 Opposite Shoulder Tap 4Pt Position' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, triceps, abdominals, obliques, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to the 4 point position (on all fours). 90 angles at hips and shoulder and neutral spine..2.Lift your knees slightly off the ground supporting your weight on palms and toes..3.Maintain a toe placement roughly at shoulder width (the wider the leg stance the easier the exercise - the narrower the stance the more difficult it becomes..4.Tap your opposite shoulder with your fingertips..Biceps Exercise, Obliques, Triceps Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Ab Exercise, Arm Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, Obliques Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Core Stability 4 Crosslateral Limb Raise Push Up Position' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, abdominals, obliques, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to a strict push-up position.2.Maintain a toe placement roughly at shoulder width (the wider the leg stance the easier the exercise - the narrower the stance the more difficult it becomes..3.Tap your opposite shoulder with your fingertips..4.Do not tilt or shift your hips. Do not round or arch your back..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Core Stability 5 Crosslateral Limb Raise Into Knee Elbow Tuck Push Up Position' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, abdominals, obliques, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to a strict push-up position.2.Raise opposite limbs till they are parallel to the ground.3.Hold for a split second and then try to bring your elbow to your opposite knee by driving both towards the centre of the body..4.Spine might curve slightly but you should not shift your hips during the movement..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Core Stability Regression Crosslateral Limb Raise Push Up Position' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, abdominals, obliques, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to a strict push-up position.2.Tap the hand of the working arm on the ground to find your balance. Raise opposite limbs till they are parallel to the ground.3.Hold for a split second and then try to bring your elbow to your opposite knee by driving both towards the centre of the body..4.Spine might curve slightly but you should not shift your hips during the movement..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Corpse Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down on your back with your legs straight and arms at your sides..2.Close your eyes and take deep breaths in through your nose and out through your mouth..3.Allow your body to completely relax and let go of any tension..4.Hold for several minutes and then slowly come back up to a seated position..Savasana, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Bicep Exercise, How to do Corpe Pose, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, Corpe Pose, How To Do A Corpe Pose, Arm Exercise, Yoga, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Crescent Moon Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in Runner's Lunge pose with your right foot forward..2.Slowly lift your torso up and bring your arms overhead, palms facing each other..3.Make sure your right knee is directly above your ankle, and your left leg is straight behind you..4.Hold for a few breaths before repeating on the other side..Ajaneyasana, beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Crescent Moon Pose, How To Do A Crescent Moon Pose, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Anjaneyasana, Crescent Moon Pose, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in Crescent Moon Pose with your right foot forward and a block nearby..2.Place the block at the highest height under your left hand..3.Reach your left arm behind you and take hold of your left foot or ankle..4.Gently pull your foot towards your buttocks while pressing your left hand into the block to deepen the stretch in your left quad. Hold for a few breaths before releasing and repeating on the other side..Quad Exercise, Quad Stretch, Leg Exercise, Ajaneyasana, Yoga Exercises, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, How To Do A Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch, Yoga Pose, Quads Exercise, Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch, Yoga, How to do Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch"\n"The 'Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch With Block' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in Crescent Moon Pose with your right foot forward and a block nearby..2.Place the block at the highest height under your left hand..3.Reach your left arm behind you and take hold of your left foot or ankle..4.Gently pull your foot towards your buttocks while pressing your left hand into the block to deepen the stretch in your left quad. Hold for a few breaths before releasing and repeating on the other side..Ajaneyasana, beginner Yoga exercise, Crescent Pose, How to do Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch With Block, Anjaneyasana With Blocks, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Anjaneyasana, How To Do A Crescent Moon Pose Quad Stretch With Block, Quads Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Criss Cross Bow Tie Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and your arms at your sides..2.Cross your right arm over your left arm, bringing your palms together in front of your chest..3.Lower your arms down so that your palms face down towards the ground, and your right elbow is resting on top of your left elbow..4.Hold for a few breaths, then switch sides..Bow Tied Pose, How To Do A Criss Cross Bow Tie Pose, beginner Yoga exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Yoga, Traps Exercise, Yoga Pose, Bow Tie Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Criss Cross Bow Tie Pose, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Crosslateral Core Stabilisation Unilateral Load Kettlebell' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet hip-width apart and holding a kettlebell at one side of your body, with your palms facing your thighs..2.Hing forward with a flat back and lift the kettlebell..3.Hold the kettlebell at your side and make sure to not lean to one side..Forearms Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Crow Pose' is a 'Advanced' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a squatting position with your feet together and your knees apart..2.Place your hands on the floor in front of you, shoulder-width apart. Keep your arms straight and engage your core..3.Slowly shift your weight forward and lift your feet off the ground, coming onto your tiptoes..4.Bend your elbows and lean your weight onto your hands, shifting your knees towards your upper arms..5.Gently lift one foot off the ground, and then the other, balancing on your hands. Hold the pose for a few breaths before releasing back to the ground..Biceps Exercise, Crow Pose, Bicep Exercise, advanced Yoga exercise, Yoga, advanced exercise, How To Do A Crow Pose, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, How to do Crow Pose, Crow Pose Arm Balancing, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Crunches' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on your back with your knees bent and your feet flat on the ground, about a foot from your lower back..2.Place your fingertips on your temples with your palms facing out..3.Draw your belly into the base of your spine to engage the muscles, then raise your head and shoulders off the floor. Return to starting position and repeat..How To Do A Crunches, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How to do Crunches, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Step your left foot diagonally behind your right leg, crossing it behind your body. Bend your knees and lower your hips until your left thigh is parallel to the floor and your right knee is hovering just above the ground..2.Push through your right foot to straighten your legs and return to the starting position..3.Repeat the movement with your other leg..Quads, Butt Exercise, Glute Medius, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, How to do Curtsy Lunge, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Curtsy Lunge, Lunge"\n"The 'Dead Bug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, arms extended upward, legs raised with knees bent..2.Lower opposite arm and leg to floor, keeping back pressed against ground..3.Alternate sides, maintain core engagement, and repeat for desired reps or time..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Dead Bugs Cross Lateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your back. Extend your straight arms above the chest and raise your bent knees till they are over your hips..2.Lower opposite limbs towards the ground. You can feel the ground but do not rest on or tap off of the ground..3.Maintain a flat lower back throughout the movement (lower back should be in contact with the ground)..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Ab Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Dead Bugs Same Side' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your back. Extend your straight arms above the chest and raise your bent knees till they are over your hips..2.Lower limbs of the same side towards the ground. You can feel the ground but do not rest on or tap off of the ground..3.Maintain a flat lower back throughout the movement (lower back should be in contact with the ground)..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise, Ab Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise"\n"The 'Dead Hang' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip a pull-up bar with palms facing forward..2.Hang with arms fully extended..3.Hold for recommended amount of time, keeping your core engaged..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Deadlift Bounces Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a good form..2.Send your hips back and start tilting the upper body..3.Maintain a straight back as you aim for your toes..4.Your range depends on your hamstring flexibility..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Decline Push Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a bench to elevate your feet..2.Put your hands slightly wider than shoulder-width..3.Slowly lower your body until your chest almost touches the ground.4.Raise your body until you almost lock your elbows..How To Do A Decline Push Up, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Pec Exercise, How to do Decline Push Up, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Depth Jump' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, outer-quadricep' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on top of a box. Step off of the box and land on the floor..2.Land as softly as possible. Squat as you land to minimise impact on your joints..3.Go straight into another hop after you've landed. This will help you learn to absorb impact..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Depth Jump, At Home Exercise, How To Do A Depth Jump, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Diamond Push Ups' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position your index fingers and thumbs so they are touching, forming a diamond shape.2.Use a standard push up position.3.Lower your chest towards your hands, keep your elbows close to your body.4.Stop just before your chest touches the floor, then push back up to the starting position..How To Do A Diamond Push Ups, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How to do Diamond Push Ups, At Home Exercise, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dorsal Flexion Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'tibialis' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, raise your toes and balance on your heels for the given duration..2.Maintain a good upper body form..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Tibialis Exercise"\n"The 'Double Pigeon Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground with your legs extended in front of you..2.Place a block under your left knee, then bend your right knee and stack it on top of your left ankle..3.Flex both feet and gently press your knees towards the ground, feeling a stretch in your hips..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, then switch sides and repeat..Butt Exercise, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Double Pigeon Pose, Yoga, Glutes Exercise, How to do Double Pigeon Pose, Glute Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Agnistambhasana, Double Pigeon Pose, Fire Log Pose, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Downward Dog' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin on your hands and knees with your hands shoulder-width apart and your knees hip-width apart..2.Spread your fingers wide and press down into your palms, making sure that your fingers are evenly spaced and facing forward..3.Tuck your toes under and lift your knees off the ground, straightening your legs as much as possible..4.Press your hips up and back, bringing your body into an inverted ""V"" shape..5.Keep your arms straight and your shoulder blades spread apart, and try to press your heels down towards the ground..6.Hold the pose for several breaths, then release and return to your starting position..Biceps Exercise, Downward Dog, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Downward Dog, Yoga, How to do Downward Dog, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Adho Mukha Svanasana, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Downward Dog Toe To Heel' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a downward-facing dog position with your hands shoulder-width apart and your feet hip-width apart..2.Lift your right foot off the mat and place your right toes on top of your left heel..3.Press your palms and fingers firmly into the mat and lift your hips up towards the ceiling, deepening the stretch in your hamstrings and calves..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, and then release by slowly walking your hands back out to a downward-facing dog position..Downward Facing Dog, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Downward Dog Toe To Heel, Adho Mukha Svanasana Variation, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Downward Dog Variation, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Calves Exercise, Calves, How to do Downward Dog Toe To Heel, Downward Dog Toe To Heel, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Downward Dog With Fingers Facing Feet' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in the same starting position as the previous exercise, with your hands and knees on the ground..2.Spread your fingers wide and turn your hands so that your fingers are facing towards your feet..3.Tuck your toes under and lift your knees off the ground, straightening your legs as much as possible..4.Press your hips up and back, bringing your body into an inverted ""V"" shape..5.Keep your arms straight and your shoulder blades spread apart, and try to press your heels down towards the ground..6.Hold the pose for several breaths, then release and return to your starting position..Biceps Exercise, Downward Facing Dog, How to do Downward Dog With Fingers Facing Feet, beginner Yoga exercise, Adho Mukha Svanasana Variation, Yoga, Downward Dog Fingers Facing Feet, Downward Dog Variation, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, How To Do A Downward Dog With Fingers Facing Feet, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Arnold Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a standing position.How to do Dumbbell Alternating Arnold Press, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Alternating Arnold Press, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulders, advanced exercise, Shoulder Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Delts, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Forward Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, holding dumbbells by your sides, feet hip-width apart..2.Step forward with one leg, lowering until both knees form 90 angles..3.Push through front foot, return to start, and switch legs..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold one dumbbell with one or both hands, feet hip-width apart..2.Step out to one side, bending the knee..3.Push off, return to center, then switch sides..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with two dumbbells just above your shoulders..2.Press one dumbbell to the ceiling while keeping the other in place..3.Let the first dumbbell return to its starting position before pressing the other dumbbell..intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, How To Do A Dumbbell Alternating Overhead Press, Shoulders, How to do Dumbbell Alternating Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Pendlay Row' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.The dumbbells should be set on the ground. Hinge forward while keeping a flat back..2.Pull one elbow back toward the ceiling and then return the dumbbell to the ground softly..3.Then pull with the other arm..Row, How To Do A Dumbbell Alternating Pendlay Row, advanced exercise, Lats Exercise, Lats, advanced Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Alternating Pendlay Row, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.With dumbbells in either hand, bend your knees with your feet slightly bowed out. Arch your back above your knees, and start with the weights touching in front of your chest..2.With bent elbows, raise your arms up to shoulder level, pausing at the at the end of the motion..3.Slowly lower your arms back to starting position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold two dumbbells by your side..2.Take a big step backwards with your left leg, lowering your body until your left thigh is parallel to the ground and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..3.Push back up and switch legs, alternating each rep..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Alternating Single Arm Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a bench press position with two dumbbells..2.Break at one of your elbows first while keeping the other elbow extended..3.Your working arm should reach your side before pressing back to the ceiling..4.Then alternate to the other arm..Triceps, Chest, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Alternating Single Arm Press, Bench Press, How To Do A Dumbbell Alternating Single Arm Press, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Single Arm, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Arnold Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with both palms facing you..2.Begin to press the dumbbells to the ceiling while rotating your palms..3.When you reach elbow extension, your palms should be facing forward..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Arnold Press, Delts, How to do Dumbbell Arnold Press, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Assisted Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a stick of some sort or hold onto something stable (rack, bench)..2.Grab a box that is knee height or slightly lower..3.Hold the stick in your right arm, dumbbell in the other and put your right leg on the box..4.Begin your squat by breaking at the knees. Get your knee close to the floor or all the way to the floor. Make sure to keep your chest tall..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bayesian Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench and let your arms freely..2.Lateral raise your arms straight out to the side until your arms are about parallel with the ground..How to do Dumbbell Bayesian Lateral Raise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Bayesian Lateral Raise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Lateral Raise, Lateral Deltoid, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Flat Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips pushed toward the ceiling..2.Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Hammer Flat Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips pushed toward the ceiling..2.Take a neutral grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Hammer Incline Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips lowered toward the floor..2.Take a neutral grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Incline Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips lowered toward the floor..2.Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Reverse Flat Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips pushed toward the ceiling..2.Take an overhand grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Reverse Incline Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips lowered toward the floor..2.Take an overhand grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..3.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips lowered toward the floor..4.Take an overhand grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Biceps Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Arm Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Rolling Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips pushed toward the ceiling..2.Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Braced Single Arm Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay sideways on an incline bench and press the elbow of the working arm into the bench..2.Use your free arm to pull your upper body into the bench..3.Break at the elbow until your elbow is fully flexed, then extend your elbow until the dumbbell is pointed at the ceiling..Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on a bench with a dumbbell in each hand..2.Hold the dumbbells at chest level with your palms facing forward..3.Engage your core and press the dumbbells upward until your arms are fully extended..Triceps, Pecs, How to do Dumbbell Bench Press, Dumbbell Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Bench Press, Chest, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Bench Press"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the dumbbell with your palm facing upwards with your forearm rested against the bench..2.Slowly curl your wrist upwards in a semicircular motion..3.Return to starting position and repeat..Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bench Wrist Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'wrist-extensors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab two dumbbells with an overhand grip and lay your forearms across a bench..2.Let your wrists flex fully, then extend your wrists..Forearm Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bent Arm Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with a 90 degree bend at your elbows..2.Lateral raise your arms straight out to the side until your arms are about parallel with the ground..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Box Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a box or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart with a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Lower your body into a squat position, sitting back onto the box and pausing for a moment before standing back up..3.Push through your heels to return to the standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Find a box or bench that is roughly knee height or a few inches lower. (The lower the box is the lower the mobility requirement)..2.You can either place your toes or the top of your foot on the box. Point your front foot forward or slightly turned outwards and break at the knees and hips simultaneously..3.Aim to get your front leg to hit parallel depth (hamstring parallel with the ground) or lower..4.The further forward your front foot is, the longer the Range of Motion is at your hips. The further back your front foot is, the longer the ROM at your knees..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Bulgarian Split Squat, Dumbbell Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Bulgarian Split Squat"\n"The 'Dumbbell Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with your feet on the ground. You can put the the balls of your feet on top of a plate to extend the range of motion..2.Imagine you have a string attached to your heels and pull your heels up toward the ceiling..Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, How to do Dumbbell Calf Raise, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Calf Raise, beginner Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on a bench with two dumbbells extended in front of you..2.You should have a slight bend in your elbows and maintain that bend. Your shoulder joint should do all the movement..3.Bring the dumbbells out to your side. Stop the dumbbells before going behind your body..4.Bring the dumbbells back together at the top..How To Do A Dumbbell Chest Fly, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, Fly, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Chest Fly, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Concentration Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a flat bench with your feet flat on the floor and your back straight..2.Lean forward and place your elbow on the inside of your leg..3.Curl the dumbbell while keeping your elbow against your leg. Make sure to fully extend your elbow on each rep..bicep, Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Concentration Curl, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Concentration Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, curl"\n"The 'Dumbbell Cross Body Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width stance holding one dumbbell. Push your butt back while leaving your knees MOSTLY extended..2.Reach toward the opposing leg. You should feel a stretch in your hamstrings. When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward to complete the rep..3.Do not push your hips all the way forward. This will hyperextend your spine. Just go to a normal standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Crunch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet flat on the floor and your knees bent..2.Hold a dumbbell over your clavicle..3.Engage your core muscles and lift your torso off the floor until your shoulders are a few inches off the ground..4.Lower yourself back down to the starting position, but avoid resting completely on the floor between reps..Abdominal Exercise, abs, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, crunch, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Crunch, How to do Dumbbell Crunch, Dumbbell Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a dumbbell in each hand at arm's length..2.Raise one dumbbell and twist your forearm until it is vertical and your palm faces the shoulder..3.Lower to original position and repeat with opposite arm.How To Perform the Dumbbell Bicep Curl.Setup.Grab two dumbbells and stand tall with your shoulder blades pulled back and your chest poked out. You can start with either the dumbbells in front of your quads or off to the sides of your legs. Whichever is more comfortable. Also, whichever will allow you to fully extend your elbows at the bottom of each rep..Use a shoulder width or slightly inside of shoulder width stance. .Performing .Begin the rep by flexing your elbows. Try to touch your forearms to your biceps at the very top of the movement. Then begin the eccentric. Make sure to fully extend your elbows at the bottom of each rep so you get a full range of motion. .It is easy to use momentum on a bicep curl. We want our muscles and not momentum to do the work. So make sure you keep these strict. If you find yourself swinging the weight up, then your biceps have hit fatigue and it's time to end the set..Biceps Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Arm Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Curl, How To Do A Dumbbell Curl, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Curtsy Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, dumbbells in both hands, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Alternating Single Arm Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on a decline bench with both arms extended in front of you..2.Break at one of your arms first bringing that arm to your side while keeping the other arm extended..3.Press the dumbbell back to the ceiling. Fully extend that arm before initiating on the other side..Triceps, Chest, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Alternating Single Arm Press, Pecs, Single Arm, Chest Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Decline Alternating Single Arm Press, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on a decline bench with both arms extended in front of you..2.Break at the elbows and bring your upper arms to your side..3.Once your upper arms have reached your side, press the dumbbells back to the ceiling..Triceps, Chest, Bench Press, How to do Dumbbell Decline Bench Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Bench Press, Dumbbell Exercise, Decline"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a decline bench press with the dumbbells pointed toward the ceiling..2.Maintain a slight bend in your elbows. Bring the dumbbells out to the side, stopping the dumbbells before they pass your torso..3.Bring the dumbbells together to finish the rep..Chest Fly, How to do Dumbbell Decline Chest Fly, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Chest Fly, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Decline"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Guillotine Bench Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the decline bench, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing forward..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your chest, keeping your elbows flared out. As you lower the dumbbells, exhale deeply..3.Once your elbows reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position.Chest, advanced exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Guillotine Bench Press, Chest Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Decline Guillotine Bench Press, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Neutral Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the decline bench, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing each other. Keep your elbows bent and close to your body..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your chest, keeping your elbows bent and close to your body..3.Once the dumbbells reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position..4.This variation is much easier on the shoulder joints..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Bench Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Neutral Bench Press, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Decline Neutral Bench Press"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Single Arm Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by laying on a decline bench with two dumbbells..2.Position the dumbbell above your chest with your elbow bent and shoulder level..3.Slowly lower the dumbbell towards your chest, keeping your elbow close to your body and your core engaged while the other dumbbell remains pointed toward the ceiling..4.Once the dumbbell reaches your side, pause for a moment and then press the weight back up to the starting position..5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions before switching to your other arm..Chest, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Decline Single Arm Bench Press, Decline Bench, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Single Arm Bench Press, Pecs, Single Arm, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a decline bench with a dumbbell in each hand..2.Hold the dumbbells above your chest with your arms extended and your palms facing each other. This is the starting position..3.Slowly lower the dumbbells towards your forehead by bending your elbows. Keep your upper arms stationary and only move your forearms..4.Once the dumbbells are close to your forehead, reverse the motion by extending your elbows and returning to the starting position..Triceps, Decline Bench, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Skullcrusher, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Decline Skullcrusher, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Decline Squeeze Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a decline bench with two dumbbells pressed to one another..2.Break at the elbows and keep your elbows tucked as you bring the dumbbells to your chest..3.Continue to press the dumbbells into one another throughout the rep..4.Once the dumbbells reach your chest, press back toward the ceiling..Triceps, Chest, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Decline Bench, Bench Press, How To Do A Dumbbell Decline Squeeze Press, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Decline Squeeze Press, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, dumbbells in both hands, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Elbow Side Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your side on the floor, supporting your upper body with your forearm. Your elbow should be directly under your shoulder, and your forearm should be flat on the ground, pointing away from your body. Stack your feet on top of each other.2.Place a light to moderate dumbbell on the floor next to your top hip. Carefully grab the dumbbell with your top hand.3.Engage your core and lift your hips off the floor, forming a straight line from your head to your heels. Your body should be supported by your forearm and the side of your bottom foot. Hold the dumbbell in your top hand, letting it hang straight down towards the floor.4.Maintain this straight-body position throughout the exercise. Resist any urge for your hips to sag or rotate. The dumbbell will create an additional challenge to your core stability as it tries to pull you down.5.Hold the side plank position for the desired duration, focusing on deep, steady breathing and maintaining a rigid posture.6.Gently lower your hips back to the floor with control. Carefully place the dumbbell down, then roll over to your other side and repeat the exercise, holding the dumbbell in your other hand..Side Plank, How to do Dumbbell Elbow Side Plank, Dumbbell Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, How To Do A Dumbbell Elbow Side Plank, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells"\n"The 'Dumbbell Elevated Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by placing two dumbbells on the floor, about shoulder-width apart..2.Position yourself in a plank position with your hands on top of the dumbbells, keeping your arms straight..3.Keep your feet together, with your toes resting on the floor..4.Engage your core and lower your body towards the floor by bending your arms, until your chest nearly touches the dumbbells..5.Push your body back up to the starting position, straightening your arms and engaging your chest, triceps and shoulders..How to do Dumbbell Elevated Pushup, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, pushup, chest, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Elevated Pushup, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, pecs"\n"The 'Dumbbell External Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in one hand, elbow bent at 90 degrees while resting on your inner thigh/ knee..2.Rotate your arm outward, keeping your elbow stable..Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Farmer Walk' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a dumbbell in each hand, arms straight down..2.Walk forward with a straight posture..Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the dumbbell placed over your hips, and cross one leg over the other..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..Butt Exercise, glute bridge, booty, Glutes Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, glutes, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Feet Elevated Figure Four Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Dumbbell Feet Elevated Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your knees bent and feet on top of a sturdy box, bench or elevated surface. Place a dumbbell over your hips..2.Drive through your heels to lift your hips off the floor, making sure to keep your feet and knees pointing forward..hip thrust, Butt Exercise, glute bridge, How to do Dumbbell Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, booty, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Feet Elevated Glute Bridge, glutes, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the dumbbell placed over your hips. Raise one leg up and off the box..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..How to do Dumbbell Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge, glute bridge, How To Do A Dumbbell Feet Elevated Single Leg Glute Bridge, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, booty, advanced exercise, butt, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, glutes, single leg"\n"The 'Dumbbell Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your knees bent and feet in a staggered position on the box..2.Drive through your heels to lift your hips off the floor, making sure to keep your feet and knees pointing forward..Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge, glute bridge, booty, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Feet Elevated Staggered Glute Bridge, staggered, glutes, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Figure Four Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with one leg crossed over the other and your heel planted on the ground..2.Push your hips toward the ceiling and hold for a second..Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Bridge, How to do Dumbbell Figure Four Glute Bridge, Glutes, How To Do A Dumbbell Figure Four Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Figure Four Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a box, the barbell placed over your hips, and cross one leg over the other..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the box..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Figure Four Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put your shoulder blades on a bench and cross one leg over the other..2.Start with your hips up..3.Drop your hips and then push your hips up toward the ceiling..How to do Dumbbell Figure Four Hip Thrust, Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glutes, Hip Thrust, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Figure Four Hip Thrust, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Floor Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring your elbows to the floor, rest for a second to remove all the momentum from the rep, then press to a lockout..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Forward Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and hold a dumbbell in each hand with your palms facing each other..2.Take a big step forward with your right foot, lowering your hips until your right thigh is parallel to the ground and your left knee is hovering just above the floor..3.Push through your right heel to straighten your right leg and return to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Forward Lunge, How to do Dumbbell Forward Lunge, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Rack Curtsy Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, dumbbells in front rack, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Rack Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, dumbbells in front rack position, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start.Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Rack Pause Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place two dumbbells on your shoulders and make sure you force your elbows upward..2.Push your hips back and break at the knees..3.When you reach parallel (hamstrings parallel with the ground) pause for 1-3 seconds. Then push through your heels back to the starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Front Rack Pause Squat, Quads, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Pause Squat, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Squat, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Front Rack Pause Squat"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Rack Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place two dumbbells on your shoulders and push your elbows upward..2.Push your hips back and break at the knees..3.Hit parallel depth and then drive through your heels back to the starting position..Quads, Front Rack, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Front Rack Squat, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Squat, How to do Dumbbell Front Rack Squat, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Rack Stability Ball Wall Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a stability ball against a wall at about hip height..2.Hold two dumbbells in front rack position..3.Break at the hips and knees until you hit parallel or just below, then squat back up..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Rack Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold two dumbbells at your shoulders with an overhand grip..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..3.Bring your left foot up onto the bench and stand up straight, keeping the barbell at your shoulders..4.Step back down with your left foot, followed by your right foot, to return to the starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab two dumbbells while standing upright with the dumbbells at your side..2.Raise the two dumbbells with your elbows being fully extended until the dumbbells are eye level..3.Lower the weights in a controlled manner to the starting position and repeat..How to do Dumbbell Front Raise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Front Raise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Full Front Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with an overhand grip on the dumbbell. Raise your arms until your fists are pointed toward the ceiling..2.Return to the start under control. This exercise is prone to using momentum when you begin to fatigue..Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Full Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with dumbbells at either side, palms facing your hips..2.Raise your arms on either side with a slight bend in your elbow until they are over head. Pause at the top of the motion..3.Slowly return your arms down to starting position..Shoulders Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with both feet planted. Make sure you keep your heels glued to the floor..2.Place the dumbbell on your hips. Push your hips toward the ceiling until you feel your glutes contract..3.Then return to the floor..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Quad Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Glute Bridge, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Glute Bridge, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Alternating Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell at your chest, feet hip-width apart..2.Step one leg diagonally back into a lunge..3.Alternate legs, keeping your chest up and core engaged..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Holding the dumbbell in a goblet squat place your foot on a bench or box..2.Break at the hips and knees. Try to go to the point where your hamstring is parallel with the ground. Or until your back knee taps the floor..3.Make sure to keep your back flat and your elbows directly under your fists..Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Bulgarian Split Squat, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Bulgarian Split Squat, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Curtsy Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, dumbbell in goblet squat position, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..4.Stand on a platform, dumbbell in goblet squat position, feet hip-width apart..5.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..6.Push through front foot, return to start, keeping bar stable throughout..Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Step your left foot behind and to the right of your right foot, crossing it behind your right leg..3.Bend your knees and lower your hips down and back, as if you were about to sit in a chair..4.Push through your right heel to straighten your right leg and return to the starting position..How to do Dumbbell Goblet Curtsy Lunge, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Quads, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Medius, advanced exercise, Goblet, advanced Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Curtsy Lunge, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Dumbbell, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, dumbbell in a goblet position, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Forward Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Step forward with one of your legs while bending at your back leg. Bring your back knee to the floor or close to the floor..3.Push through your front leg explosively to get back to your starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Forward Lunge, Butt Exercise, Goblet, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Forward Lunge, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Good Morning' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the dumbbell in a goblet position. With your elbows directly under your fists..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees MOSTLY extended. You should feel a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Good Morning, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Good Morning, Dumbbell Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Lateral Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Engage your core by drawing your belly button towards your spine. This will help to stabilize your body. Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Take a large step to the side with your right foot, planting it firmly on the ground..3.As you step, bend your right knee and lower your hips until your right thigh is parallel to the ground. Your left leg should remain straight..4.Push through your right heel to return to the starting position. Repeat on the opposite side by stepping out with your left foot..Quads, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Lateral Lunge, Goblet, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute medius, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Lateral Lunge"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Pulse Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in goblet position..2.Squat down to parallel depth and then halfway back up..3.Stay in this short range of motion for the duration of the set..Quads, Leg Exercise, Glutes, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Pulse Squat, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Pulse, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Pulse Squat, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Take a big step backwards with your left leg, lowering your body until your left thigh is parallel to the ground and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..3.Push through your right heel to return to standing, bringing your left leg back to starting position..4.Repeat the movement on the other side, stepping backwards with your right leg and lowering your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground and your left knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..Quads, Butt Exercise, Goblet, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Reverse Lunge, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Reverse Lunge, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Side Step Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing beside a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height, holding a dumbbell with a goblet grip..2.Place your right foot on the box and push through the heel to lift your body up and onto the box..3.Step back down with your right foot..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Take a large step forward with one leg, and lower your body until your back knee nearly touches the ground. Your front knee should be bent at a 90-degree angle, and your back leg should be straight..3.Push through the heel of your front foot to raise your body back to the starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Split Squat, Glutes Exercise, Quads, Split Squat, Dumbbell Exercise, Goblet, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Split Squat, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the weight tucked into your upper chest area, keeping your elbows in. Your feet should be slightly wider than shoulder width..2.Sink down into the squat, keeping your elbows inside the track of your knees..3.Push through your heels while keeping your chest up and return to starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Goblet Squat, How to do Dumbbell Goblet Squat, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Goblet Step Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height, holding a dumbbell with a goblet grip..2.Place your right foot on the box and push through the heel to lift your body up and onto the box..3.Step back down with your right foot..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Guillotine Bench Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the flat bench, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing forward..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your chest, keeping your elbows flared out. As you lower the dumbbells, exhale deeply..3.Once your elbows reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position.Triceps, Chest, advanced exercise, Bench Press, Pec Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Guillotine Bench Press, Pecs, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Guillotine Bench Press"\n"The 'Dumbbell Guillotine Incline Bench Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, upper-pectoralis' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the incline bench, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing forward..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your chest, keeping your elbows flared out. As you lower the dumbbells, exhale deeply..3.Once your elbows reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position.Guillotine, Chest, advanced exercise, Bench Press, Incline, Pec Exercise, Pecs, advanced Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Guillotine Incline Bench Press, Chest Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Guillotine Incline Bench Press, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Half Kneeling Goblet Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one knee on a bench and hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knee mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Half Kneeling Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a half kneeling position while holding two dumbbells..2.Drive the dumbbells upwards..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Half Kneeling Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one knee on a bench and hold a dumbbell..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knee mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Half Kneeling Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a half kneeling position while holding one dumbbell..2.Drive the dumbbell upwards..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Half Kneeling Wood Chopper' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a half kneeling position. Start with the dumbbell by your knee on the side of the kneeling leg..2.Rotate at the upper spine, holding the dumbbell away from your body with nearly extended elbows..Obliques, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Wood Chopper, How To Do A Dumbbell Half Kneeling Wood Chopper, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Half Kneeling Wood Chopper, Dumbbell Exercise, Dumbbell"\n"The 'Dumbbell Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, short-head-bicep' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the dumbbells with a neutral grip (thumbs facing the ceiling)..2.Slowly lift the dumbbell up to chest height.3.Return to starting position and repeat..Biceps Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Hammer Curl, How to do Dumbbell Hammer Curl, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Hand Side Plank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your side with your feet stacked on top of each other and a dumbbell on your hip..2.Place your bottom hand on the ground beneath your shoulder and engage your core to raise your hips off the ground..3.From this starting position, hold the side plank position for the desired amount of time, making sure to keep your body straight and your hips level..Side Plank, How to do Dumbbell Hand Side Plank, Oblique, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Hand Side Plank, Hold, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Head On Bench Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.With dumbbells in either hand, bend your knees with your feet slightly bowed out. Arch your back above your knees, place your head on the top of an incline bench, and start with the weights touching in front of your chest..2.With bent elbows, raise your arms up to shoulder level, pausing at the at the end of the motion..3.Slowly lower your arms back to starting position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground with a bench behind you. Place both feet on a plate or low box. Have the dumbbell over your legs just above your hips..2.Lean back against the bench so that your shoulders are resting upon it, stretch your arms out to either side using the bench as support..3.Raise the weight by driving through your feet and extending your hips upwards. Support the weight with your shoulders and feet..4.Slowly extend as far as you can, and then slowly return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Heels Up Goblet Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a half kneeling stance. The dumbbell should start over your knee that is up..2.Rotate at the spine and point the dumbbell to the opposing side..Wood Chopper, Quad Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Heels Up Goblet Squat, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Obliques, Dumbbell, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Heels Up Goblet Squat"\n"The 'Dumbbell Heels Up Narrow Goblet Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet on a plate. Your feet should be very close to one another, but not touching..2.Begin your squat by pushing your hips back and breaking at the knees. Try to keep your chest tall while squatting..Quads, How To Do A Dumbbell Heels Up Narrow Goblet Squat, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Squat, Quad Dominant, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Heels Up Narrow Goblet Squat, Dumbbell"\n"The 'Dumbbell High Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position the bench between 45 and 60 degrees..2.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground..3.Lower the bar to your mid chest.4.Raise the dumbbells (slowly and controlled) until you've locked your elbows..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Dumbbell Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your shoulder blades against a box or bench that won't move..2.Both your feet should be planted and your heels should not come off the floor. Point your toes forward..3.Break at the hips. Seek the longest range of motion possible. Focus on the top end of the movement. Push your hips as high as possible on each rep..How to do Dumbbell Hip Thrust, How To Do A Dumbbell Hip Thrust, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Hollow Hold' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with a dumbbell overhead..2.Pull your upper back and legs off the ground. Make a banana shape with your body..3.The dumbbell should be held in your hands and your ears should be between your biceps..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Dumbbell Exercise, Abs Exercise, advanced exercise, Hollow, Hold, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Dumbbell, How To Do A Dumbbell Hollow Hold, How to do Dumbbell Hollow Hold"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the incline bench with your feet on the ground. Raise the dumbbells until you have straight arms..2.Lower the dumbbells to your mid chest.3.Raise the dumbbells until you've locked your elbows..How To Perform The Dumbbell Incline Bench Press.Setup.Set an incline bench at around 30 high. Any higher than 30, and the tension will go to your anterior deltoid as opposed to your upper pecs. A low incline is all you need. .Getting the dumbbells into position for an incline bench press can be challenging. You've got a couple of options here..Start with the dumbbells sitting vertically on your quads. Push one leg up toward the ceiling and get your elbow underneath the dumbbell. Then repeat on the other leg with the other dumbbell as you fall back onto the bench. .Have a gym partner help out. If you're going to have someone help. Make sure they either grab your wrists or the dumbbells themselves to help you get into position. Some people have a tendency to push the elbows up in order to get the dumbbells in position for this move. This can be dangerous as the dumbbell might fall laterally one direction, or another..Make sure both feet are planted firmly on the ground. Push your toes through the front of your shoes. This will generate some tension through your quads and keep you more stable. .Like any other bench press, pull your shoulder blades back and dig them into the bench. Also point your ribs up toward the ceiling, giving yourself a minor arch in your spine. .Performing .Press the weights up toward the ceiling to initiate your first rep. Extend your elbows, but do not fully lock them out. As you perform the eccentric, maintain a 45 angle between your upper arm and torso. Your elbows should not be flared all the way out, or tucked all the way in, but in the middle between the two. .Stop the eccentric when your elbows are even with your torso or slightly behind your torso. The pecs are not designed well to function when your upper arm travels behind your body. Because the pecs are two lengthened in this position, they will not be able to generate force properly. All the tension from the dumbbells will go onto your shoulder joint instead of your muscles. .Getting from underneath the dumbbells at the end of the set can be challenging as well. You also have two options here. .If you end the set by completing your last rep, meaning your elbows are extended and the dumbbells are away from your body, turn your fists into a neutral position, lift your legs up touching the dumbbell to your quads, and then roll your entire body forward. This can take some practice, so try it with light dumbbells first..If you end the set not having completed your final rep, meaning the dumbbells are against your chest, then you have no choice but to dump the dumbbells off of you onto the ground. Be very careful with this. Do your best to control the weights as you get them off of you, so they do not bounce. If the dumbbells bounce off the floor and land on someone's foot, you have an issue on your hands. Some gyms don't want any dropping of weights at all. Try to set them down as gently as possible, but don't injure yourself in the process..Incline, Pecs, How To Do A Dumbbell Incline Bench Press, Dumbbell Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Incline Bench Press, Chest, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Bench Press"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench with two dumbbells extended in front of you..2.You should have a slight bend in your elbows and maintain that bend. Your shoulder joint should do all the movement..3.Bring the dumbbells out to your side. Stop the dumbbells before going behind your body..4.Bring the dumbbells back together at the top..Chest Fly, Chest, How to do Dumbbell Incline Chest Fly, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Incline Chest Fly, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Chest Flys' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench and place your feet on the ground..2.Begin the exercise with the dumbbells held together above your chest, elbows slightly bent..3.Simultaneously lower the weights to either side..4.Pause when the weights are parallel to the bench, then raise your arms to the starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Incline Chest Flys, How to do Dumbbell Incline Chest Flys, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the dumbbells with an underhand grip. Seated on an incline bench..2.Slowly lift the dumbbell up to chest height.3.Return to starting position and repeat..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab two dumbbells while sitting on an incline bench upright with the dumbbells at your side..2.Raise the two dumbbells with your elbows being fully extended until the dumbbells are eye level..3.Lower the weights in a controlled manner to the starting position and repeat..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the dumbbells with a neutral grip (thumbs facing the ceiling). Seated on an incline bench..2.Slowly lift the dumbbell up to chest height.3.Return to starting position and repeat..How to do Dumbbell Incline Hammer Curl, Biceps, Hammer Curl, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Incline Hammer Curl, Arm Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, long-head-bicep, wrist-flexors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench..2.Grab the dumbbells with a pronated (overhand) grip. You can do this exercise thumbless if it's more comfortable on your wrists..3.Flex at the elbows until your biceps touch your forearms. Try not to let your elbows flair outward..Biceps Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Incline Reverse Curl, Forearms, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Biceps, Reverse Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Incline Reverse Curl"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Skullover' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on an incline bench with two dumbbells pointed toward the ceiling..2.Break at the elbows until your forearms touch your biceps, then flex at the shoulder joint bringing your upper arms to the sides of your head..3.Bring your elbows back up until they are pointed at the ceiling, then extend your elbows..Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Incline Zottman Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, long-head-bicep, wrist-flexors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench with your palms facing forward..2.Flex at the elbows until your forearms touch your biceps..3.When you hit the top of the movement, rotate your palms and then lower the dumbbells slowly..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Incline Zottman Curl, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Forearms, How to do Dumbbell Incline Zottman Curl, Incline, Biceps, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Internal Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with your elbow on the floor and dumbbell pointed toward the ceiling..2.Lower the dumbbell until your knuckles get close to the ground. Then back to the starting position..Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Internally Rotated Chest Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on a bench with two dumbbells extended in front of you in an overhand grip..2.You should have a slight bend in your elbows and maintain that bend. Your shoulder joint should do all the movement..3.Bring the dumbbells out to your side. Stop the dumbbells before going behind your body..4.Bring the dumbbells back together at the top..Chest Fly, Chest, advanced exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Dumbbell Internally Rotated Chest Fly, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Internally Rotated Chest Fly"\n"The 'Dumbbell Internally Rotated Incline Chest Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench with two dumbbells extended in front of you..2.You should have a slight bend in your elbows and maintain that bend. Your shoulder joint should do all the movement. You should have an overhand grip..3.Bring the dumbbells out to your side. Stop the dumbbells before going behind your body..4.Bring the dumbbells back together at the top..How to do Dumbbell Internally Rotated Incline Chest Fly, Chest Fly, Pecs, Internally rotated, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Internally Rotated Incline Chest Fly, advanced exercise, Chest Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest"\n"The 'Dumbbell Internally Rotated Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit with hinged over position, dumbbells in hands, arms slightly bent, internally rotate shoulders..2.Raise dumbbells out to sides, squeeze rear delts..3.Lower weights, repeat for reps..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Kickstand Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, one foot slightly behind. Hold dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Lower into a squat, keeping weight on front heel..3.Return to standing, engaging glutes and core..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Knee Lawnmower Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet staggered and one hand on your knee. Hold a dumbbell in the opposing hand..2.Hinge forward at the hips, keeping the back flat, and eyes facing forward. The weight should hang directly below the shoulders..3.Start with an overhand grip, as you pull rotate the dumbbell. When your upper arm reaches your side your palm should be facing forward..row, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Knee Lawnmower Row, biceps, Lats Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Knee Lawnmower Row, lats, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Kneeling Single Arm Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one hand and one knee on a bench. Make sure you keep a flat back..2.Pull the dumbbell toward the ceiling..3.Make sure to avoid any jerking or rotating..How to do Dumbbell Kneeling Single Arm Row, Row, How To Do A Dumbbell Kneeling Single Arm Row, Dumbbells, Lats Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Biceps, Lats, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Kneeling Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a kneeling position with your shoulder blades pulled back..2.The dumbbell should begin by one of your hips..3.Rotate at the spine and bring the dumbbell from your hip, 180 degrees around your body. The dumbbell should land at eye level..Obliques, Wood Chopper, Dumbbells, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Kneeling Wood Chopper, How to do Dumbbell Kneeling Wood Chopper, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Lateral Lunge Reach' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Engage your core by drawing your belly button towards your spine. This will help to stabilize your body. Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Take a large step to the side with your right foot and reach toward the floor with your single dumbbell..3.As you step, bend your right knee and lower your hips until your right thigh is parallel to the ground. Your left leg should remain straight..4.Push through your right heel to return to the starting position. Repeat on the opposite side by stepping out with your left foot..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Lateral Lunge, How to do Dumbbell Lateral Lunge Reach, Glutes Exercise, Quads, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Medius, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Lateral Lunge Reach, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with dumbbells at either side, palms facing your hips..2.Raise your arms on either side with a slight bend in your elbow until they are parallel with the floor. Pause at the top of the motion..3.Slowly return your arms down to starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Lateral Raise, Shoulder Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Lateral Raise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying 30 Degree Shrug' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay sideways on a bench letting your arm hang freely..2.Pull your shoulder blade and joint toward the ceiling..Shrug, Traps, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Trapezius Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Laying 30 Degree Shrug, Traps Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Laying 30 Degree Shrug, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the dumbbells with an underhand grip. Seated on a bench..2.Start with the dumbbells pointed toward the ceiling, then lower the dumbbells toward your sides..3.Fully extend your elbows, but don't let your upper arm fall behind your torso..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying Incline Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side on an incline bench. Brace yourself by holding onto the bench..2.While keeping your elbow mostly extended, raise the dumbbell to the side..3.The end of the range of motion is when the dumbbell is pointed toward the ceiling..4.Make sure you don't flex and extend your elbow..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying Incline Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench that is between 30-45 degrees high..2.Let your arms hang freely. Pull your elbows straight back toward the ceiling..Lats, Row, Biceps, How To Do A Dumbbell Laying Incline Row, Lats Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Laying Incline Row, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying Reverse Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.With dumbbells in either hand, lay on an incline bench that's at about 15-30 degrees..2.With bent elbows, raise your arms up to shoulder level, pausing at the at the end of the motion..3.Slowly lower your arms back to starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Laying Reverse Fly, Rear Fly, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Posterior Deltoid, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Laying Reverse Fly, Rear Delts, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying Reverse Fly Internally Rotated' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.With dumbbells in either hand and an overhand grip, lay on an incline bench that is roughly 15 - 30 degrees high..2.With bent elbows, raise your arms up to shoulder level, pausing at the at the end of the motion..3.Slowly lower your arms back to starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Laying Reverse Fly Internally Rotated, How to do Dumbbell Laying Reverse Fly Internally Rotated, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Posterior Deltoid, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Reverse Fly, Shoulders Exercise, Rear Delt, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Laying Silverback Shrug' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline bench with your arms hanging freely..2.Pull your shoulder blades back toward the ceiling..Shrug, Traps, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Cobra Traps, Mid Back Exercise, Mid Traps, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Laying Silverback Shrug, How to do Dumbbell Laying Silverback Shrug, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Leg Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a bench with a dumbbell between your feet..2.Flex your knees and raise the dumbbell until the soles of your shoes are pointed at the ceiling..Hamstring Curl, Leg Exercise, Dumbbells, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Leg Curl, Hamstrings Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Leg Curl, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Leg Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a dumbbell between your feet. Lean back slightly and hold on to the bench..2.Extend your knees until you feel your quads contract hard..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Leg Extension, Quads, Dumbbell Exercise, Leg Extension, Quads Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Leg Extension, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells"\n"The 'Dumbbell Long Lever Russian Twist' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on the floor with your knees bent and feet flat on the ground. Hold a dumbbell in both hands with your arms extended straight in front of you..2.Twist your torso to the right, bringing the dumbbell towards the ground, then return to the center. Repeat on the left side, twisting to the left and bringing the dumbbell towards the ground..3.Continue this twisting motion, alternating sides, for the desired number of repetitions. Keep your core engaged and avoid swinging your arms to generate momentum..Obliques, How To Do A Dumbbell Long Lever Russian Twist, advanced exercise, How to do Dumbbell Long Lever Russian Twist, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, obliques, Dumbbell Exercise, russian twist"\n"The 'Dumbbell Neutral Alternating Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with two dumbbells near your shoulders with a neutral grip..2.Press one of the dumbbells toward the ceiling while keeping the other in position..3.Let the first dumbbell return to its starting position before pressing the other..How to do Dumbbell Neutral Alternating Overhead Press, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, Dumbbells, Overhead Press, How To Do A Dumbbell Neutral Alternating Overhead Press, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Neutral Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on a flat bench, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing each other. Keep your elbows bent and close to your body..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your chest, keeping your elbows bent and close to your body..3.Once the dumbbells reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position..4.This variation is much easier on the shoulder joints..Triceps, Shoulders Exercise, Chest, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Neutral Bench Press, Bench Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How to do Dumbbell Neutral Bench Press, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Neutral Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on an incline bench, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing each other. Keep your elbows bent and close to your body..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your chest, keeping your elbows bent and close to your body..3.Once the dumbbells reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position..4.This variation is much easier on the shoulder joints..How to do Dumbbell Neutral Incline Bench Press, Chest, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Bench Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Neutral Incline Bench Press, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Neutral, Shoulders Exercise, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Neutral Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with both dumbbells near your shoulders in a neutral grip..2.Press the dumbbells toward the ceiling..3.Make sure you don't arch your back as you fatigue..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, Dumbbells, How to do Dumbbell Neutral Overhead Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Overhead Press, How To Do A Dumbbell Neutral Overhead Press, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, Neutral Grip, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Neutral Seated Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on an upright bench , grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing each other. Keep your elbows bent and close to your body..2.Slowly lower the dumbbells to your shoulder joint, keeping your elbows bent and close to your body..3.Once the dumbbells reach your chest, pause for a moment and then press them back up to the starting position..4.This variation is much easier on the shoulder joints..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Neutral Seated Overhead Press, Overhead Press, Shoulders, Deltoids, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Neutral Seated Overhead Press, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Offset Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell over one shoulder..2.Initiate the squat by pushing your hips back..3.Avoid doing any twisting. Try to keep your shoulders even..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Squat, Quads, How to do Dumbbell Offset Squat, Oblique, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Offset Squat, Dumbbells, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.Bring the dumbbells to your shoulders, with your palms facing forward and your elbows bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arms upwards so that the dumbbells are overhead..4.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders, Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Overhead Press, Delts, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells, How To Do A Dumbbell Overhead Press"\n"The 'Dumbbell Overhead Side Bend' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell overhead..2.From this starting position, bend to the side as far as you can while keeping your feet planted and your core engaged..Obliques, How To Do A Dumbbell Overhead Side Bend, advanced exercise, Dumbbells, How to do Dumbbell Overhead Side Bend, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Overhead"\n"The 'Dumbbell Overhead Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet slightly wider than shoulder-width apart and hold two dumbbells overhead with both hands, using an overhand grip..2.Begin the squat by bending at the hips and knees, keeping your core tight and the dumbbells balanced overhead..3.Lower your body as far as you can while keeping the dumbbells overhead, then push back up to the starting position..4.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, making sure to keep your back straight, chest lifted, and the dumbbells stable overhead throughout the entire movement..Butt Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Overhead Squat, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Overhead Squat, overhead squat, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, squat"\n"The 'Dumbbell Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell overhead..2.Flex at the elbows until the dumbbell is behind your head..3.Then extend your elbows until the dumbbell is back in the starting position..Tricep, Extension, Long Head, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Overhead Tricep Extension, How To Do A Dumbbell Overhead Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise, Dumbbell, Arm Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Triceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Pendlay Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.The dumbbells should be placed on the floor..2.Hinge forward with a flat back and grab the dumbbells..3.Pull both dumbbells back and your elbows toward the ceiling..4.Return the dumbbells back to the floor softly on each rep..intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Pendlay Row, Lats Exercise, Biceps, Lats, How To Do A Dumbbell Pendlay Row, How to do Dumbbell Pendlay Row, Dumbbell Exercise, Dumbbell"\n"The 'Dumbbell Plank Pullthrough' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get into a plank position. Either from your knees or toes..2.Start with the DB by your right hand. Reach with your left and pull the dumbbell to your left arm. Then repeat with the right..How To Do A Dumbbell Plank Pullthrough, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Plank Pullthrough, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Preacher Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit at preacher bench, hold dumbbells in each hand with arm extended, palm facing up..2.Curl dumbbells towards shoulder, keeping upper arm stationary and elbows in..3.Lower dumbbell slowly back to start..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Pullover' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a dumbbell and hold with both hands. Point your dumbbell at the ceiling..2.Flex at the shoulder joint while keeping your elbows mostly extended..3.Flex until you feel a stretch in your lats then bring the dumbbell back to the ceiling..intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Lats Exercise, Lats, How To Do A Dumbbell Pullover, How to do Dumbbell Pullover, Dumbbell Exercise, Dumbbell"\n"The 'Dumbbell Pullover Eccentrics' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on a bench holding a dumbbell over your shoulder, straight arm..2.Slowly lower your arm towards the ground (overhead position)..3.Pause in the stretched position..4.Bend your elbow to return to the starting position..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Push Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.From this starting position, dip your knees slightly and then quickly extend them as you press the dumbbells upwards..3.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..4.Slowly lower the dumbbells back down to the starting position, and repeat for the desired number of repetitions..intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, How to do Dumbbell Push Press, Overhead Press, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, Push Press, How To Do A Dumbbell Push Press, Dumbbell Exercise, Dumbbell"\n"The 'Dumbbell Quad Stomp' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your front foot on a low box and take a split stance. Put all of your weight on your front foot..2.Break at the knees and lower yourself until your calves touch your hamstrings..3.Push yourself back to the starting position..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.With dumbbells in either hand, bend your knees with your feet slightly bowed out. Arch your back above your knees, and start with the weights touching in front of your chest..2.With bent elbows, raise your arms up to shoulder level, pausing at the at the end of the motion..3.Slowly lower your arms back to starting position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Rear Delt Fly, How to do Dumbbell Rear Delt Fly, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Rear Delt Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hinge forward at the hips while maintaining a flat back. Try to get your torso as close to parallel with the ground as your mobility will allow for..2.Let your arms hang in front of you. Pull your elbows back towards the ceiling while flaring your elbows outward..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Rear Delt Row, How to do Dumbbell Rear Delt Row, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Renegade Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by getting into a plank position with a dumbbell in each hand. Your feet should be shoulder-width apart and your hands should be placed on the dumbbells, with your palms facing each other..2.From this starting position, row one dumbbell up towards your chest, keeping your elbow close to your body and your core engaged..3.Slowly lower the dumbbell back down to the starting position, and repeat on the other side..4.Make sure to keep your body straight and your hips level throughout the movement..intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Row, How To Do A Dumbbell Renegade Row, Dumbbells, Lats, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Renegade Row, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms, wrist-extensors, wrist-flexors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the dumbbells with a pronated (overhand) grip. You can do this exercise thumbless if it's more comfortable on your wrists..2.Flex at the elbows until your biceps touch your forearms. Try not to let your elbows flair outward..How to do Dumbbell Reverse Curl, How To Do A Dumbbell Reverse Curl, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Arm Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Reverse Grip Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar with a reverse grip..2.Lower the dumbbells to your lower chest..3.Raise the bar until you've locked your elbows..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold two dumbbells by your side..2.Take a big step backwards with your left leg, lowering your body until your left thigh is parallel to the ground and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..3.Push through your right heel to return to standing, bringing your left leg back to starting position..4.Repeat the movement on the other side, stepping backwards with your right leg and lowering your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground and your left knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Quads, Lunge, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Reverse Lunge, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Reverse Lunge, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Rolling Tricep Extension' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a bench with two dumbbells pointed toward the ceiling..2.Break at the elbows until your forearms touch your biceps, then flex at the shoulder joint bringing your upper arms to the sides of your head..3.Bring your elbows back up until they are pointed at the ceiling, then extend your elbows..Triceps, Triceps Exercise, advanced exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Rolling Tricep Extension, Arm Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Rolling Tricep Extension, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width stance. Push your butt back while leaving your knees MOSTLY extended..2.You should feel a stretch in your hamstrings. When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward to complete the rep..3.Do not push your hips all the way forward. This will hyperextend your spine. Just go to a normal standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Romanian Deadlift, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Romanian Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Row Bilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab both dumbbells and hinge forward at the hips. Make sure you keep a flat back..2.The closer your torso is to parallel with the ground the longer the range of motion will be at your shoulder. The better the results you'll get from the exercise..3.Let your arms hang freely, and then pull your elbow joint straight back toward the ceiling..How to do Dumbbell Row Bilateral, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Mid Back Exercise, Lats Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Row Bilateral"\n"The 'Dumbbell Row Unilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats, forearms' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Brace your off arm against something stable (bench, box). Stagger your stance so your leg on the side of your working arm is back..2.Try to get your torso to parallel with the ground. That will extend your range of motion..3.Let your arm hang freely and then pull your elbow back. Imagine you've got a tennis ball in your armpit and squeeze it each rep..Mid Back Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Row Unilateral, Lats Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Row Unilateral, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Russian Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor and flex your knees and hips to a 90 degree angle..2.Your feet should be hovering off the ground. (If that's too hard start with heels on the floor).3.Rotate your upper spine to engage your obliques..Obliques, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Russian Twist, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Russian Twist"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Arnold Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin seated on an upright bench with your palms facing you..2.Begin pressing toward the ceiling. As you press, rotate your palms..3.As you extend your elbows fully your palms should be facing forward..Triceps, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, How To Do A Dumbbell Seated Arnold Press, How to do Dumbbell Seated Arnold Press, Arnold Press, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on a bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and a dumbbell in each hand placed on each leg..2.From this starting position, raise your heels as high as you can by pushing up through your toes..3.Slowly lower your heels back down to the starting position, and repeat for the desired number of repetitions..How to do Dumbbell Seated Calf Raise, How To Do A Dumbbell Seated Calf Raise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbells, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Calves Exercise, Calf Raise, Calves, Dumbbell Exercise, Calfs"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench with back support. Raise the dumbbells to shoulder height with your palms forward..2.Raise the dumbbells upwards and pause at the contracted position..3.Lower the weights back to starting position..How To Perform The Seated Dumbbell Overhead Press.Setup.Grab two dumbbells and set up on an incline or seated bench. Make sure your back is pressed all the way into the vertical pad..Flare your elbows out. Your face should be facing the ceiling and your palms facing forward. Also, make sure the dumbbell is set very deeply in your hand so your wrist stays in a strong position for the entire set..Performing .Press the dumbbells up toward the ceiling, fully extending your elbows. Do not hyperextend or lockout your elbows as this is dangerous for those joints. The dumbbells should travel in an arc-like curve. With the dumbbells converging at the top of the ramp. There's no need to touch the dumbbells together at the top, but there's nothing wrong if they do..After extending your elbows, begin the eccentric portion of the rep. Make sure your upper arm at least reaches parallel with the ground before initiating the next concentric. If you have the shoulder mobility, you can go all the way to the point the dumbbells tap your shoulders. This may give people with shoulder issues some pain. If it does, cut the range of motion a little shorter..Make sure your back stays flat against the vertical pad for the entire set. There is a tendency to begin extending the spine when fatiguing on an overhead press. Your nervous system understands that you are stronger pushing horizontally than you are pushing vertically. And so it will begin to point your chest up toward the ceiling to try to involve your pecs. Don't let this happen. A hyperextended spine with a weight pushing straight down from overhead will place a lot of unneeded stress on your lumbar spine..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Seated Overhead Press, Shoulder Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Seated Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the bench and hold a dumbbell with both hands. Raise the dumbbell overhead at arms length, holding the weight up with the palms of your hands..2.Keep your elbows in while you lower the weight behind your head, your upper arms stationary..3.Raise the weight back to starting position..How to do Dumbbell Seated Overhead Tricep Extension, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Seated Overhead Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.With dumbbells in either hand, bend your knees with your feet slightly bowed out. Arch your back above your knees, and start with the weights touching in front of your chest..2.With bent elbows, raise your arms up to shoulder level, pausing at the at the end of the motion..3.Slowly lower your arms back to starting position..intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Seated Rear Delt Fly, How to do Dumbbell Seated Rear Delt Fly, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Rear Delt Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench. Put your chest in your lap. Try to get your torso as close to parallel with the ground as your mobility will allow for..2.Let your arms hang in front of you. Pull your elbows back towards the ceiling while flaring your elbows outward..Shoulders Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench with dumbbells in both hands, palms facing your body, back straight..2.Elevate your shoulders and hold the contracted position at the apex of the motion..3.Slowly lower your shoulders back to starting position..How To Perform The Seated Shrug.Setup.Grab two dumbbells and sit at the edge of either a bench or box. Bring your legs relatively close together, so they are out of the way of the dumbbells..Use the cue, ""superman chest."" Imagine you have the Superman logo on your chest and show it off. This will open your chest and force you to sit tall while pulling your shoulder blades back..Let your arms be in a dead hang position..Performing the Seated Shrug.Pull your shoulder joint straight up toward the ceiling. Get your shoulders as high as you can. You should feel your traps contract very hard when you have hit an adequate range of motion. From this point, begin to drop your shoulders back down to the starting position..Avoid rolling your shoulders. This is a very common form mistake on shrugs. The upper portion of the traps elevates the scapula, while the mid and lower traps, retract and depress the scapula. However, when you are in a seated or standing position the dumbbells will be pulling downward (because of gravity) so scapular elevation is the only anatomical function being performed against resistance. Therefore, retracting and depressing the scapula on each rep (rolling the shoulders) will not recruit your mid and lower traps. You would need a different exercise for that..Also, pay particular attention to your neck. It is also very common to push one's head forward when performing a shrug. This can put unnecessary stress on your neck and cervical spine. Keep your chin pulled back and your head in a neutral position..How to do Dumbbell Seated Shrug, Trapezius Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Seated Shrug, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Traps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Single Arm Arnold Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on an incline bench and holding a dumbbell in one hand..2.Bring the dumbbell to your shoulder, with your palm facing you and your elbow bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arm upwards so that the dumbbell is directly above your head..4.As you extend your arm, rotate your palm to face away from your body..Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Tibialis Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'tibialis' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a box or bench, place your heels on a step or plate, and place dumbbells on your quads..2.Raise your toes straight toward the ceiling..Tibialis Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Seated Y Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on an upright bench , grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing each other. Keep your elbows bent and close to your body..2.Press the dumbbells outward into a y shape..Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Service Exercise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, shoulders' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight and hold a dumbbell in one arm. Perform a bicep curl across your body.2.Bring the dumbbell to your shoulder and rotate palm and elbow out..3.Point the elbow towards the ceiling while the dumbbell remains just over the shoulder..4.Extend your elbow to raise the dumbbell over your head. Start lowering your arm to your side as you turn the palm to face down.Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Shoulder Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by hinging over with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.Bring the dumbbells to your sides, with your palms facing forward and your elbows slightly bent..3.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Lats, How To Do A Dumbbell Shoulder Extension, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Shoulder Extension, Lats Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells"\n"The 'Dumbbell Shoulder External Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench with one foot on the bench..2.Place the elbow on the inside of your elbow and use it for leverage..3.Point your fist toward the wall andthen toward the ceiling. Rotating a total of 90 degrees..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with two dumbbells. Pull your shoulder blades up. Give a one second squeeze at the top..How To Perform The Standing Dumbbell Shrug.Setup.Grab two dumbbells and stand tall with a narrow foot stance. Poke your chest out and pull your shoulder blades back. The dumbbells should be on the side of your legs. .Performing .Pull your shoulder joint straight up toward the ceiling. Get your shoulders as high as you can. You should feel your traps contract very hard when you have hit an adequate range of motion. From this point, begin to drop your shoulders back down to the starting position..Avoid rolling your shoulders. This is a very common form mistake on shrugs. The upper portion of the traps elevates the scapula, while the mid and lower traps, retract and depress the scapula. However, when you are in a seated or standing position the dumbbells will be pulling downward (because of gravity) so scapular elevation is the only anatomical function being performed against resistance. Therefore, retracting and depressing the scapula on each rep (rolling the shoulders) will not recruit your mid and lower traps. You would need a different exercise for that..Also, pay particular attention to your neck. It is also very common to push one's head forward when performing a shrug. This can put unnecessary stress on your neck and cervical spine. Keep your chin pulled back and your head in a neutral position..Traps Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Shrug, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Shrug, Trapezius Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Side Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart and place your right hand on the right hip..2.Hold a dumbbell with the left hand. Bend at the hips to the side..3.Make sure you don't start to lean forward to try and force a longer range of motion..Dumbbell Exercise, abs, Obliques, side bend, Ab Exercise, obliques, Obliques Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Side Bend, How to do Dumbbell Side Bend"\n"The 'Dumbbell Side Plank Up Down' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your side with your feet stacked on top of each other and a dumbbell on your hip..2.Place your bottom elbow on the ground beneath your shoulder and engage your core to raise your hips off the ground..3.Your hips will do all the moving. Think, ""hips up, hips down."".Side Plank, How To Do A Dumbbell Side Plank Up Down, Obliques, Dumbbells, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Oblique, How to do Dumbbell Side Plank Up Down, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Side Step Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with a dumbbell in your hands. Your feet should be slightly pointed outward, and your shoulders should be down and relaxed..2.Place a step or box beside you, and step up onto it with one foot. Your other foot should remain on the ground..3.Push off your grounded foot, raising your body up onto the step..4.Step back down with the same foot, returning to the starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Silverback Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding dumbbells with both hands in front just past shoulder width..2.Bend forward at the hips with a slight bend in your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Engage your shoulder blades, as if you are trying to touch them together..Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Shrug, Traps, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Silverback Shrug, Mid Back Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Silverback Shrug, Cobra Traps, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Arnold Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in one hand..2.Bring the dumbbell to your shoulder, with your palm facing you and your elbow bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arm upwards so that the dumbbell is directly above your head..4.As you extend your arm, rotate your palm to face away from your body..Single arm, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Arnold Press, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders, Arnold Press, Shoulders Exercise, Delts, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Arnold Press, Unilateral, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Braced Flat Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench with the back of your working arm pressed into the side of the bench. Keep your hips all the way up..2.Fully extend your elbow and feel a stretch through your bicep, then curl..3.Stop before the dumbbell is pointed at the ceiling to keep tension on your biceps..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Braced Hammer Flat Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips pushed toward the ceiling..2.Use a hammer grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Braced Hammer Incline Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips down..2.Take a neutral grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Braced Incline Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips lowered toward the floor..2.Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Braced Reverse Flat Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips pushed toward the ceiling..2.Use an overhand grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Braced Reverse Incline Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay off the side of a bench and place the back off your arms on the edge of your bench. Keep your hips lowered toward the floor..2.Take an overhand grip. Fully extend your elbows and then flex the elbows..Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Arm Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Bench Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Drape one arm over a bench while holding a dumbbell. Point your palm toward the ceiling..2.Extend and curl your wrist against resistance..Forearm Exercise, Wrist Flexors Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Front Rack Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold one dumbbell on your shoulder with an overhand grip..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..3.Bring your left foot up onto the bench and stand up straight, keeping the barbell at your shoulders..4.Step back down with your left foot, followed by your right foot, to return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Neutral Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in one hand..2.Bring the dumbbell to your shoulder, with your palm facing your body and your elbow bent..3.From this starting position, press the dumbbell upwards so that it is directly above your shoulder..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Neutral Overhead Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Neutral Overhead Press, Overhead Press, Shoulders, Shoulders Exercise, Neutral Grip, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in one hand..2.Bring the dumbbell to your shoulder, with your palm facing forward and your elbow bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arm upwards so that the dumbbell is overhead..4.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Delts, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Overhead Press, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Overhead Press, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Overhead Press, Shoulders, Single Arm, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with a single dumbbell extended overhead..2.Flex at the elbow letting the dumbbell travel behind your body..3.Try not to let your elbow flare outward..tricep, single arm, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Overhead Tricep Extension, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Arm Exercise, long head, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Overhead Tricep Extension, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Preacher Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a with a dumbbell in one hand and your elbow resting on the bench..2.From this starting position, curl the dumbbell up towards your shoulder, keeping your upper arm stationary on the bench..Biceps, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Preacher Curl, Bicep Exercise, Preacher Curl, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Preacher Curl, Arm Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbells, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by laying on a bench with two dumbbells..2.Position the dumbbell above your chest with your elbow bent and shoulder level..3.Slowly lower the dumbbell towards your chest, keeping your elbow close to your body and your core engaged while the other dumbbell remains pointed toward the ceiling..4.Once the dumbbell reaches your side, pause for a moment and then press the weight back up to the starting position..5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions before switching to your other arm..Pecs, Dumbbell Exercise, Pec Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Press, Chest Exercise, Chest, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Press, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing in front of a flat bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in one hand..2.Place your other hand on the bench for support, and bend at the waist so that your chest is parallel to the ground..3.From this starting position, row the dumbbell up towards your chest, squeezing your shoulder blade together as you do so..4.Make sure to keep your elbow close to your body and your core engaged throughout the movement..How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Row, Row, Dumbbells, Lats Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Biceps, Lats, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Row, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Row Knee' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by placing your elbow on one knee..2.Hold a dumbbell in your other hand, with your palm facing inwards towards your body..3.From this starting position, row the dumbbell up towards your chest, keeping your elbow close to your body and your core engaged..How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Row Knee, Row, Lats Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Biceps, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Row Knee, Lats, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Spider Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on an incline or preacher curl bench..2.Let your arms hang freely off the edge of the bench..3.Fully flex your elbow and fully extend your elbow on each rep..Curl, Bicep, Bicep Exercise, Spider, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Spider Curl, Arm Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Spider Curl, Dumbbells, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold one dumbbell on your side with a neutral grip..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..3.Bring your left foot up onto the bench and stand up straight, keeping the barbell at your shoulders..4.Step back down with your left foot, followed by your right foot, to return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Arm Upright Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart, holding a dumbbell in one hand with an overhand grip..2.Keep your back straight and chest lifted, engage your core to maintain balance..3.Begin the movement by lifting the dumbbell straight up towards your chin, keeping your elbow close to your body and the weight in line with your shoulder..4.Continue to lift the weight until it reaches the chin or neck level, keeping the elbow high and close to the body..5.Lower the weight back down to the starting position with control..single arm, Shoulder Exercise, upright row, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Arm Upright Row, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Arm Upright Row, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, delts"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Leg Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a dumbbell in one hand, lift the same foot as the side without the dumbbell off the floor. Hold onto something for balance..2.Raise your heel upwards while keeping your knees stationary..3.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your feet flat on the ground and a dumbbell on your hips..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Leg Glute Bridge, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Leg Glute Bridge, Glute Bridge, Single Leg, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Dumbbells, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Leg Heels Elevated Hip Thrust' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your foot on a plate or low box and a dumbbell on your hips..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Leg Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your feet flat on the ground and a dumbbell on your hips..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..How to do Dumbbell Single Leg Hip Thrust, Single Leg, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Bridge, Dumbbells, Glutes, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Leg Hip Thrust, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Leg Single Arm Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing on one leg with a dumbbell in one hand..2.Slowly bend at the hips and lower the dumbbell towards the ground while extending your free leg behind you..3.Keep your core engaged and your back straight as you lower the weight..4.Once the dumbbell is close to the ground, push through your heel to return to the starting position..How To Do A Dumbbell Single Leg Single Arm Deadlift, Single Leg, Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbells, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Single Leg Single Arm Deadlift, Single Arm, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Single Leg Stiff Leg Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing on one leg with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding two dumbbells..2.From this starting position, hinge at the hips to lower the dumbbell towards the ground, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..3.Once you feel a stretch in your hamstring, slowly return to the starting position..4.Make sure to keep your standing leg slightly bent and avoid rounding your back as you lower the dumbbell..How to do Dumbbell Single Leg Stiff Leg Deadlift, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Butt Exercise, Single Leg Deadlift, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbells, Glutes, Hamstrings, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Single Leg Stiff Leg Deadlift, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Situp' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with your spine neutral. Extend you arms so your fists are pointed at the ceiling..2.Sit-up by flexing your abs. Continue to reach for the ceiling for the entire rep..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How to do Dumbbell Situp, Dumbbell Exercise, Abs Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Situp, Abdominals Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the floor or a bench with your fists extended to the ceiling and a neutral grip..2.Break at the elbows until your fists are by your temples. Then extend your elbows and flex your triceps at the top..How to do Dumbbell Skullcrusher, Triceps, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Long Head, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Skullcrusher, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Spider Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by placing your forearms on a flat bench and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.From this starting position, curl the dumbbells up towards your shoulders, keeping your elbows close to your body and your core engaged..3.Slowly lower the dumbbells back down to the starting position, and repeat for the desired number of repetitions..Biceps Exercise, Spider Curl, How to do Dumbbell Spider Curl, How To Do A Dumbbell Spider Curl, Dumbbells, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Biceps, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..2.Take a large step forward with one leg, and lower your body until your back knee nearly touches the ground. Your front knee should be bent at a 90-degree angle, and your back leg should be straight..3.Push through the heel of your front foot to raise your body back to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Split Squat, How to do Dumbbell Split Squat, Glutes, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, Balance, Quad Exercise, Stability, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Split Squat"\n"The 'Dumbbell Squeeze Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a bench with two dumbbells pressed to one another..2.Break at the elbows and keep your elbows tucked as you bring the dumbbells to your chest..3.Continue to press the dumbbells into one another throughout the rep..4.Once the dumbbells reach your chest, press back toward the ceiling..Triceps, Pecs, How to do Dumbbell Squeeze Press, How To Do A Dumbbell Squeeze Press, Dumbbell Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Chest, beginner Dumbbells exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Stability Ball Wall Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a stability ball against a wall at about hip height..2.Hold two dumbbells in each hand..3.Break at the hips and knees until you hit parallel or just below, then squat back up..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Staggered Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.Place one foot slightly behind the other, with the heel of your back foot elevated on a step or weight plate..3.From this starting position, bend at the hips and knees to lower the dumbbells towards the ground, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..4.Once the dumbbells are below your knees, drive through your heels to stand back up to the starting position..Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Staggered Deadlift, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glutes, Hamstrings, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Staggered Deadlift, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Staggered Deadlift"\n"The 'Dumbbell Staggered Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back with your feet on the ground and a dumbbell in each hand..2.Place one foot on the ground and the other slightly in front, with your knees bent..3.From this starting position, raise your hips up off the ground by pushing through your heels and squeezing your glutes..Glutes Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Staggered Glute Bridge, How To Do A Dumbbell Staggered Glute Bridge, Dumbbell Exercise, Glute Bridge, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glutes"\n"The 'Dumbbell Staggered Hip thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back on a bench with your feet on the ground and a dumbbell on your hips..2.Place one foot on the ground and the other slightly in front, with your knees bent..3.From this starting position, raise your hips up off the ground by pushing through your heels and squeezing your glutes..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbells, Glutes, Hip Thrust, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Staggered Hip thrust, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Staggered Hip thrust"\n"The 'Dumbbell Staggered Waiters Bow' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up a bar at mid way up your quad. Place the working leg against the bar..2.Place one foot behind. You should only be on your toes on that back foot. Your front foot should be planted flat the entire time..3.Bend your back knee and push your hips back. Look for a stretch in your front hamstring..4.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward again until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Standing Bayesian Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall on lean slightly forward..2.Lateral raise your arms straight out to the side until your arms are about parallel with the ground..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Standing Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a dumbbell held on the side of your leg..2.Raise that leg laterally as high as your hip range of motion allows for..Butt Exercise, hip abduction, How To Do A Dumbbell Standing Hip Abduction, booty, glutes, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How to do Dumbbell Standing Hip Abduction, Dumbbell Exercise, glute medius"\n"The 'Dumbbell Standing Tibialis Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'tibialis' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your heels on a step or plate, and hold dumbbells to your side..2.Raise your toes straight toward the ceiling..3.Hold at the top for extra benefit. Slowly return to the starting position..Leg Exercise, Tibialis Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Step Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold two dumbbells on your side with a neutral grip..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..3.Bring your left foot up onto the bench and stand up straight, keeping the barbell at your shoulders..4.Step back down with your left foot, followed by your right foot, to return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Suitcase Crunch' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with a dumbbell. Point the soles of your shoes at the ceiling as well as the dumbbell..2.Reach for your feet with the dumbbell before bringing your spine back to the floor..abs, advanced exercise, abdominals, How To Do A Dumbbell Suitcase Crunch, Abs, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Suitcase Crunch, Dumbbell Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Sumo Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet wider than shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.Place the dumbbells on the ground between your feet..3.From this starting position, bend your knees and lower your body down into a squat..4.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Quads, Butt Exercise, Sumo, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Sumo Squat, Dumbbells, How to do Dumbbell Sumo Squat, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, Squat, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Supinated Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab both dumbbells and hinge forward at the hips. Make sure you keep a flat back..2.The closer your torso is to parallel with the ground the longer the range of motion will be at your shoulder. The better the results you'll get from the exercise..3.Let your arms hang freely, maintain an underhand grip, and then pull your elbow joint straight back toward the ceiling..row, How to do Dumbbell Supinated Row, biceps, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Lats Exercise, supinated, lats, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Supinated Row"\n"The 'Dumbbell Swing' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in both hands..2.Bend your knees slightly and hinge at the hips to swing the dumbbell between your legs..3.From this starting position, explosively extend your hips and swing the dumbbell up to chest height..4.Allow the momentum of the swing to carry the dumbbell back down between your legs, and then repeat the movement for the desired number of repetitions..Butt Exercise, Hamstring, How To Do A Dumbbell Swing, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbells, Glutes, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Swing, How to do Dumbbell Swing, Dumbbell Exercise, Dumbbell"\n"The 'Dumbbell Swing Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width. Dumbbells at your side..2.Step forward with your right foot and bend both knees to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position..4.Step back with the same leg until the back knee taps the floor..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Tate Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a bench with two dumbbells extended toward the ceiling..2.Maintain an overhand grip. Flex at the elbows..3.The dumbbells will land on your upper chest/clavicle..4.Extend your elbows bringing the dumbbells back into their starting position..5.*Named after Dave Tate*.intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Tate Press, triceps, Arm Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Tate Press, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Thruster' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.Bring the dumbbells to your shoulders, with your palms facing inward and your elbows bent..3.From this starting position, dip your knees slightly and then quickly extend them as you press the dumbbells upwards..4.As you press the dumbbells upwards, also push your hips forward to help generate additional power..5.Slowly lower the dumbbells back down to the starting position, and repeat for the desired number of repetitions..Quads, Butt Exercise, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbells, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Thruster, Explosive, Shoulders Exercise, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Thruster, Squat Press"\n"The 'Dumbbell Tricep Guillotine Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on a bench..2.Push your elbows forward until your biceps touch your forearms. Then extend your elbows until back at the starting position..Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Tricep Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in one hand..2.Bend at the waist and place your opposite hand on your knee for support..3.From this starting position, extend your arm backwards so that the dumbbell is behind your body..4.Make sure to keep your elbow close to your body and your core engaged throughout the movement..How to do Dumbbell Tricep Kickback, Triceps, Dumbbells, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Tricep Kickback, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Twisting Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a dumbbell in each hand..2.Bring the dumbbells to your sides, with your palms facing inward and your elbows bent..3.From this starting position, curl the dumbbells up towards your shoulders while rotating your wrists so that your palms face your shoulders at the top of the movement..Biceps Exercise, Twisting Curl, Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Twisting Curl, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bicep, How To Do A Dumbbell Twisting Curl"\n"The 'Dumbbell Upright Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart, holding 2 dumbbells in each hand..2.Keep your back straight and chest lifted, engage your core to maintain balance..3.Begin the movement by lifting the dumbbells straight up towards your chin, keeping your elbow close to your body and the weight in line with your shoulder..4.Continue to lift the weight until it reaches the chin or neck level, keeping the elbow high and close to the body..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Upright Row, delts, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, upright row, shoulders, beginner Dumbbells exercise, lateral delt, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Upright Row"\n"The 'Dumbbell Waiters Bow' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a barbell at about midway up your thigh. Press your quads into the barbell..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Weighted Chin Ups' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar shoulder width apart with a supinated grip (palms facing you). Use a dip belt and the let the weight hang between your legs..2.With your body hanging and arms fully extended, pull yourself up until your chin is past the bar..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..Dumbbell Exercise, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Weighted Dip' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a dip belt to attach a dumbbell to yourself. Grip bars with arms straight, shoulders above hands. Keep legs straight or bent..2.Lower slowly until elbows are at 90 degrees..3.Push back up to start position, extending arms fully..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Dumbbell Wood Chopper' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width stance. Begin with the dumbbell near one of your quads..2.Rotate at your upper spine to engage the obliques..3.You can pivot your back foot to keep from generating too much torque at the knee..How To Perform The Dumbbell Wood Chopper.Setup.Grab a single dumbbell and hold it horizontally with the ends of the dumbbells in each hand. Use a wider than shoulder width stance. We have to hit both sides of the obliques with this exercise. So we will begin with going right to left. You can perform either side first..Start with the dumbbell on the outside of your right quadricep..Performing .Think explosively when performing this movement. Rotate at the spine bringing the dumbbell from your right quadricep up to roughly eye level on your left side. Keep your elbows mostly extended. Do not rotate too far. The dumbbell should not go behind your body. Going behind the body will put too much stress on your lumbar spine. .Also, as you are rotating at the spine, pivot your back foot. Your right foot in this example. Imagine you are performing a baseball bat or golf swing. Pivoting that back foot will keep your back knee from twisting too far..Obliques, How to do Dumbbell Wood Chopper, advanced exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Wood Chopper, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, advanced Dumbbells exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the dumbbell with your palm facing upwards with your forearm rested against the bench..2.Slowly curl your wrist upwards in a semicircular motion..3.Return to starting position and repeat..How To Perform The Dumbbell Wrist Curl.Setup.You will need a box or a bench. You can either take a seated position (like in our demo video), or a kneeling position. .In the seated position, put your feet shoulder width, and drape your forearms over your knees. .In a kneeling position, drape your forearms over the edge of the box, or a bench. Your forearms should be far enough off the box or bench that you can fully flex your wrist at the bottom of the range of motion..Performing.Let the dumbbells fully extend your wrists before initiating the concentric. Flex your wrists and point your fists up towards the ceiling as high as you possibly can. You should feel the forearm muscles on the bottom of your arm contract really hard. Make sure to focus on the range of motion with this exercise. It can be very easy to begin doing partial range of motion reps on this exercise. Like any other exercise, when you can no longer perform the adequate range of motion end the set.Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Wrist Curl, Forearms Exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Wrist Curl, beginner Dumbbells exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Wrist Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-extensors' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab two dumbbells with an overhand grip and lay your forearms across your knees..2.Let your wrists flex fully, then extend your wrists..Dumbbell Wrist Extension Detailed How To:.Setup.You will need a box or a bench. You can either take a seated position (like in our demo video), or a kneeling position. .In the seated position, put your feet shoulder width, and drape your forearms over your knees. .In a kneeling position, drape your forearms over the edge of the box, or a bench. Your forearms should be far enough off the box or bench that you can fully flex your wrist at the bottom of the range of motion..Performing.Let the dumbbells fully flex your wrists before initiating the concentric. Extend your wrists and point your fists up towards the ceiling as high as you possibly can. You should feel the forearm muscles on the top of your arm contract really hard. Make sure to focus on the range of motion with this exercise. It can be very easy to begin doing partial range of motion reps on this exercise. Like any other exercise, when you can no longer perform the adequate range of motion end the set.Dumbbell Exercise, How to do Dumbbell Wrist Extension, Forearms Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Dumbbell Wrist Extension, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Wrist Supinations Pronations' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit by a bench or table and lean your arm on it..2.Hold a dumbbell/weight/lever on one end..3.Rotate the wrist so the palm faces down and up in succession..Forearm Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Dumbbell Y Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, grasp a pair of dumbbells and hold them at shoulder level with your palms facing each other. Keep your elbows bent and close to your body..2.Press the dumbbells outward into a y shape..Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise"\n"The 'EZ Bar Preacher Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position yourself on preacher bench; grasp EZ bar with underhand grip, elbows extended..2.Slowly curl bar towards shoulders; keep upper arms stationary, focus on biceps..3.Lower bar back to starting position; maintain control, repeat for reps..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'EZ Bar Reverse Preacher Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on preacher bench, grip EZ bar overhand at shoulder width, elbows resting on pad..2.Curl bar towards chin, keep elbows stable..3.Lower bar slowly to starting position, maintaining control throughout..Biceps Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Arm Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Eagle Arms Chin Into Chest' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit cross-legged on the floor and bring your arms out to the sides at shoulder height..2.Cross your right arm over your left, bending both elbows so that your forearms are parallel to the floor..3.Lift your elbows towards the ceiling and bring your hands together, then drop your chin towards your chest..4.Hold for a few breaths, then release your arms and repeat on the other side..How to do Eagle Arms Chin Into Chest, Eagle Arms Pose Variation, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Eagle Arms, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, Trapezius Exercise, How To Do A Eagle Arms Chin Into Chest, Traps Exercise, Yoga"\n"The 'Easy Pose Neck Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by sitting cross-legged on the floor..2.Slowly drop your chin towards your chest, feeling a stretch in the back of your neck..3.Inhale and lift your head up, then exhale and drop your right ear towards your right shoulder..4.Hold for a few breaths, then switch sides and repeat the stretch..beginner Yoga exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Yoga, Easy Pose, How To Do A Easy Pose Neck Stretch, Neck Stretch, Traps Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Easy Pose Neck Stretch, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Eccentric Dragonflag' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Perform a reverse crunch and then kick your legs up toward the ceiling..2.With your hips and knees extended, lower yourself slowly back to the start position..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Elbow Extensor Isometric Seated Overhead Dumbbell' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a box or bench without any back support..2.Raise the weight over your head and extend your elbow..3.From there, bend the elbow 1/4 of the way..4.Hold isometrically for the prescribed amount of time..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Elbow Extensor Mobilisation Kneeling Lacrosse Ball' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel in front of a bench and place a massage ball on it..2.Place your tricep (back of the arm) on the ball with the elbow bent. Try to find a tight, painful spot..3.Once you have found it, apply gentle pressure on the ball..4.Once you get comfortable with the pain extend and bend your arm..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Elbow Plank Mountain Climber' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in an elbow plank position with your core engaged..2.Bring your right knee towards your right elbow..3.Return to plank, then switch legs quickly. Repeat..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Bodyweight Exercise, Abs Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Elbow Side Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Press your elbow into the floor..2.Pick your hips up off the ground and maintain this position for the allotted amount of time..3.Make sure you don't let your chest fall forward or backward..Obliques, How To Do A Elbow Side Plank, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How to do Elbow Side Plank, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Elevated Pike Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a bench or an object to elevate your feet..2.Lower your head towards the floor by bending your elbows.3.Push through your hands and return to the starting pike position..4.Repeat.How to do Elevated Pike Press, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Mid Back Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Elevated Pike Press, At Home Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Elevated Pike Shoulder Shrug' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a bench or an object like a chair to elevate your feet..2.Slowly lower your body (scapula) while keeping your elbows locked (this is key).3.Slowly raise your body back to the start position..How To Do A Elevated Pike Shoulder Shrug, Trapezius Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Upper Traps Exercise, Traps Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Elevated Pike Shoulder Shrug"\n"The 'Elliptical' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Step onto the pedals, grip the handles, and start moving your feet in a natural stride..2.Adjust resistance and incline for desired intensity while maintaining a steady, controlled motion..3.Keep your posture upright, engage your core, and maintain a consistent pace for an effective workout.."\n"The 'Femoral Nerve Mobilisation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.While standing, bend your knee and grab your foot..2.Bring your knee forward while tucking your chin (head forward)..3.Pull the leg back while tilting your head backwards (look up)..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Floor Incline Leg Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'rectus-femoris' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor and lean back into your palms or on your elbows..2.Raise a straight leg a few centimeters off the ground and hold the position for the specified duration..Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Foam Roller Quad Mobilisation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your front placing a foam roller under your thigh..2.Roll up and down till you find a tight/sore spot..3.Hold this position and start bending and extending your knee to mobilise the quad..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Forearm Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place forearms on the ground with your elbows bent at a 90 angle aligned beneath your shoulders, with your arms parallel at shoulder-width..2.Your feet should be together, with only your toes touching the floor..3.Lift your belly off the floor and form a straight line from your heels to the crown of your head and hold..Forearm Plank Detailed How to:.Setup.I suggest starting in a kneeling position as opposed to starting with your hips on the ground. When you begin from the hips on the ground position, your lumbar spine is hyperextended, which is dangerous and to be avoided in the overwhelming majority of exercises..You can either do a closed fist or open hand position. Whichever feels more comfortable. Step one foot back, and then the other to begin the Plank..Performing The Forearm Plank.Be careful to not let your hips rise or sag as you were holding the forearm Plank. Maintain a flat back the entire set. If you are having trouble knowing if your back is flat, try performing the exercise in front of a mirror so you can check your form. .Continuously press your elbows into the ground and spread your scapula. This will recruit your serratus anterior and get you some extra core work..How To Progress The Forearm Plank:.Like any other exercise, progression is important with the Plank. However, since the Plank is a hold and not a dynamic exercise with reps, it can be challenging knowing how to and when to progress the Plank. Heres a quick step by step guide on progressing the Plank.Set a range similar to a rep range. For example, 45 to 60 seconds. Lets say in the beginning you are only able to do 45 seconds. Each week, try to add a bit more time (2-5 secs). Once you are able to complete 60 seconds with good form time to further progress..Switch to a more difficult variation. The natural next step is switching to the Hand Plank. Keep your same time range of 45-60 seconds. Since this is a more difficult variation you will likely fatigue before 60 seconds. Build your way back to 60 seconds like you did with the Forearm Plank. .Add weight. At this point, its time to try adding some resistance to the Plank. Start light! You can either ask a gym buddy or place the weight on your back yourself. Either way, make sure the plate is in the middle of your upper back and not your lumbar spine. Then you can progress the plank similarly to any other exercise. By adding weight bit by bit overtime..You can continue to progress by going to a more difficult hold (Long Lever Plank, Hollow Hold) and then adding weight to those over time..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How to do Forearm Plank, Bodyweight Exercise, Abs Exercise, How To Do A Forearm Plank, At Home Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Forearms Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Raise your arm to shoulder height at 90 degrees to your body..2.Press lightly on your hand and push towards you..3.Rotate the arm across your body..4.Switch sides and repeat..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Forearms Stretch Variation Four, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, How to do Forearms Stretch Variation Four"\n"The 'Forearms Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your palm flush against the wall..2.Take one step forward and straighten your arm slowly to extend your bicep..3.Hold at the peak of the stretch..4.Return to starting position..How to do Forearms Stretch Variation One, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Forearms Stretch Variation One, Forearms Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Forearms Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hands together..2.Rotate your arms and hands 180 degrees..3.Hold at the peak of the stretch..4.Return to starting position..Fitness Stretch, Forearms Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How to do Forearms Stretch Variation Three, Forearm Exercise, How To Do A Forearms Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Forearms Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hand against a wall, palms facing upward, with finger tips touching..2.Slowly lean into your palm..3.Hold at the peak of the stretch..4.Return to starting position..How to do Forearms Stretch Variation Two, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Forearms Stretch Variation Two, Forearms Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Forward Arm Circle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold your arms out to your sides..2.Rotate your arms forward in small circles..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Forward Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Step forward with one leg and lower your body until your front thigh is parallel to the floor and your back knee almost touches the ground. Keep your chest up and your front foot flat on the floor..2.Push through your front foot to straighten your legs and return to the starting position..3.Repeat the movement with your other leg..How to do Forward Lunge, Quads, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, How To Do A Forward Lunge, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Forward Lunges' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Step forward with one leg..2.Lower your body until your rear knee nearly touches the ground..3.Ensure you remain upright, and your front knee stay above the front foot..4.Push off the floor with your front foot until you return to the starting position. Switch legs..How To Forward Lunge.Setup.Start with your feet about shoulder width apart and toes facing forward. Use the cue superman chest throughout the entirety of the set. Meaning, imagine you have the superman logo on your chest and show off that logo for the entirety of the set. This will help you keep a tall chest and your shoulder blades pulled back. Also, this cue will help you keep your torso vertical..Performing.Initiate the first rep by taking a step forward. You should dictate your stride length by the body part you'd like to focus on. Use a shorter stride length if you want to recruit the quads more. The shorter stride length will increase the range of motion at your knees. If you want to recruit the glutes a bit more, take a longer stride. A longer stride will increase the range of motion at the hips..You can either let your arms stay to your sides, you can place your hands on your hips (as you can see in our demo video) or you can use prayer hands..Let your back knee gently tap the floor. Push off your front heel explosively to push yourself back into the starting position. You can either do all reps on one side or alternate sides..As you fatigue, be careful to not let your chest begin to sag forward, or let your lumbar spine round.  If the forward lunge is too difficult, try out a reverse lunge. It's an easier variation..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Forward Lunges, Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, At Home Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How to do Forward Lunges, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Frog Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, knees bent, hands behind head..2.Crunch up, flexing the spine and your abs..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Frog Sit Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your back with knees bent and your feet together..2.Keep your arms extended overhead. Swing your arms to generate some momentum and sit up..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Gastrocnemius Stretch Bilateral On Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the edge of a box, knees extended..2.Let your weight push your heels towards the ground..3.You should feel your calves being stretched..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Gastrocnemius Exercise"\n"The 'Gastrocnemius Stretch Push Up Position' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get yourself in the pushup position..2.Straighten your knees and try to push one heel down towards the ground..3.Cross your other leg over the top to apply extra pressure to the stretch..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Gastrocnemius Exercise"\n"The 'Gastrocnemius Stretch Unilateral On Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the edge of a box, knees extended..2.Bend one leg while allowing the weight to push the heel of your straight leg towards the ground..3.You should feel your calves being stretched..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Gastrocnemius Exercise"\n"The 'Gastrocnemius Stretch Unilateral On Wall' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand by a wall but not too close..2.Place the palms on the wall and extend one leg behind you, while slightly bending the front leg..3.Push the wall in order to drive the heel of the extended leg into the ground till you feel a stretch in your calf..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Gastrocnemius Exercise"\n"The 'Gate Pose Variation Arm Extended on Side' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on your knees and extend your right leg out to the side..2.Raise your right arm above your head and reach towards the left side of the room..3.Gently bend your body to the left side and rest your left hand on your left thigh..4.Look up towards your right hand and hold the pose for a few breaths before switching sides..Obliques, Gate Pose Arm Extended Looking Up, How To Do A Gate Pose Variation Arm Extended on Side, Yoga, Parighasana, Gate Pose, Ab Exercise, Yoga Pose, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Obliques Exercise, Parighasana Variations, How to do Gate Pose Variation Arm Extended on Side, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Gironda Chin Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar shoulder width apart with a supinated grip (palms facing you).2.With your body hanging and arms fully extended, pull yourself up and lean backwards. Try to touch your chest to the bar..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..Bodyweight Fitness, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down with your knees bent and your feet flat on the floor..2.Push your hips up so that your butt is elevated and your back straight..3.Tense your glutes and raise your hips towards the ceiling..4.Once you are at the highest point you can manage, hold the position for a few seconds, and then slowly return to the starting position.Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How To Do A Glute Bridge, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, How to do Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Glute Bridge Eccentric Unilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down with your knees bent and your feet flat on the floor..2.Push your hips up so that your butt is elevated and your back straight..3.Tense your glutes and raise your hips towards the ceiling..4.Once you are at the highest point you can manage, hold the position for a few seconds, and raise one leg off the ground..5.Lower slowly to the start position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Bridge Isometric Hold Single Alternate' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back. Bend your knees so your feet are flat on the floor with heels under knees.2.Push through your heels into the ground, lifting your hips up to the point where there is a straight line from your chest to your knees. Squeeze your bum at the top of the movement.3.Maintain the top position and extend one leg at the time..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Ham Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position yourself on a glute ham raise machine or find a suitable substitute like a stability ball or bench..2.Adjust the equipment to fit your body by setting the footplate at an appropriate height and making sure your feet are securely anchored..3.Begin the movement by slowly lowering your upper body towards the ground while keeping your torso and legs aligned..4.Once you reach the lowest point where your body is parallel to the ground or as far as you can comfortably go, pause briefly..5.Engage your glutes and hamstrings again as you push yourself back up to the starting position, using the strength of your posterior chain muscles..Leg Exercise, How To Do A Glute Ham Raise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Glute Ham Raise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Hip Rotator Stretch 1 Seated' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench..2.Cross the ankle of one leg over the knee of the other..3.Press the knee of the crossed leg outwards..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Hip Rotator Stretch 2 Seated' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench..2.Cross the ankle of one leg over the knee of the other..3.Pull your knee toward you and hold for a specified amount of time..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Hip Rotator Stretch 3 Seated' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench..2.Cross the ankle of one leg over the knee of the other..3.Push your knee away from you and lean forward for a specified amount of time..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Hip Rotator Stretch Supine' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with bent knees and feet on the floor..2.Cross the ankle of your one leg over the knee of the other..3.Reach in between your legs, grabbing the thigh of the leg that is still on the ground..4.Pull that leg towards your chest..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Piriformis Mobilisation 1 Floor Seated Lacrosse Ball' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a massage ball distributing your weight between feet, palm and glute..2.Lean to the side and try to find a tight/painful spot while wiggling on the ball..3.Follow the pain as it shifts around your glute..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Stretch Knee Pull Dynamic Standing' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a good form..2.Alternate between pulling your knees towards you chest..3.Make sure you maintain an upright posture throughout the movement..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glute Stretch Static Unilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back..2.Bend one knee and pull it towards your chest..3.Maintain the stretch for a few seconds before swapping legs..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Gluteator' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the seat upright with your knees placed on the pads and your feet on the foot pads..2.Push your legs outwards and backwards and flex your glutes..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glutes Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.On your front, place one leg forward and then stretch out the same side arm across the mat/floor..2.Fully extend your leg and arm..3.Hold at the peak of the stretch, then slowly return to starting position..4.Switch sides and repeat..Glutes Exercise, How to do Glutes Stretch Variation One, Fitness Stretch, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Glutes Stretch Variation One"\n"The 'Glutes Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat and bring your left leg to 90 degrees..2.Hold your left leg with both hands and slowly rotate your hips to the right hand side..3.Hold at the peak of the stretch, then slowly return to starting position..4.Switch sides and repeat..beginner Stretches exercise, Butt Exercise, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Glutes Stretch Variation Three, Glutes Exercise, How to do Glutes Stretch Variation Three, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Glutes Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground and lay one leg flat and the other over the top..2.Hold your leg with the same side arm and slowly rotate your hips and back..3.Hold at the peak of the stretch, then slowly return to starting position..4.Switch sides and repeat..Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Glutes Stretch Variation Two, Fitness Stretch, How to do Glutes Stretch Variation Two, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise"\n"The 'Good Mornings' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet a little past shoulder width apart with a slight bend at your knee. Place your hands behind the back of your head..2.Keeping your back straight, rotate your hips to bring your shoulders down towards the floor. Stop when your chest is parallel with the floor..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, How To Do A Good Mornings, How to do Good Mornings, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Half Kneeling Hip Hinge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one knee on a bench..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knee mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Half Lotus' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a yoga mat with legs straight in front of you..2.Bend the right knee and place the right foot on top of the left thigh. Allow the right knee to fall towards the floor..3.Bring the left foot onto the right thigh. Keep the spine straight and rest hands on the knees..4.Hold for several breaths and then release..Padmasana, Butt Exercise, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, Yoga, Glutes Exercise, Half Lotus Pose, Glute Exercise, Padmasana Seated, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Half Lotus, How To Do A Half Lotus"\n"The 'Half Monkey Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a tabletop position with your hands and knees on the floor..2.Step your right foot forward, placing it between your hands..3.Straighten your right leg and flex your toes towards your face, keeping your hands on the floor for support..4.Hold for several breaths, then switch sides and repeat..How To Do A Half Monkey Pose, beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Half Monkey Pose, Half Monkey Pose, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Ardha Hanumanasana, Yoga Fitness, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Half Neck Rolls' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit cross-legged on the floor and interlace your fingers behind your head..2.Drop your chin to your chest and roll your head to the right, bringing your right ear towards your right shoulder..3.Slowly roll your head back to center, then over to the left so that your left ear is close to your left shoulder..4.Repeat the movement from side to side, keeping your shoulders relaxed and breathing deeply..beginner Yoga exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Yoga, How to do Half Neck Rolls, Traps Exercise, How To Do A Half Neck Rolls, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Half Neck Rolls Arms Crossed, Half Neck Rolls, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Hamstring Bridge Isometric Open Angle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with knees slightly bent and heels dug in..2.Perform a posterior pelvic tilt (flatten your lower back on the ground)..3.Press the heels into the ground to raise your hips off it..4.Hold the position for the specified duration..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Bridge With Elevated Legs Box Bilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back. Place your heels on a box or bench, having a 90 angle at hips and knees..2.Perform a posterior pelvic tilt (flatten your lower back against the ground)..3.Push through your heels into the box, lifting your hips up to the point where there is a straight line from your chest to your knees..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Bridge With Elevated Legs Box Unilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back. Place one heel on a box or bench, having a 90 angle at hip and knee..2.Perform a posterior pelvic tilt (flatten your lower back against the ground)..3.Push through your heel into the box, lifting your hips up to the point where there is a straight line from your chest to your knees..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Mobilisation Seated Lacrosse Ball' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a massage ball on a bench..2.Sit on the ball with your hamstring..3.Move around till you find a tight/sore spot..4.Extend and bend your knee to mobilise the hamstring..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Dynamic Standing Bilateral' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing, split stance..2.Dynamically kick your back leg forward and up..3.Return to starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Dynamic Supine Alternating' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with straight legs..2.Perform a posterior pelvic tilt and maintain the position..3.Kick one leg up to feel a stretch in the hamstring..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Seated Single Leg' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with both legs extended straight out in front of you. Keep your back straight and your core gently engaged.2.Bend one knee and bring the sole of that foot to rest against the inner thigh of your extended leg. Your bent knee should fall open to the side.3.Keeping your extended leg straight with your toes pointing upwards (flex your foot), slowly lean forward from your hips, reaching your hands towards your ankle, shin, or toes of the extended leg.4.Maintain a straight back and avoid rounding your shoulders. Focus on feeling the stretch along the back of your extended thigh.5.Hold the stretch for 20-30 seconds, breathing deeply and trying to relax into the stretch with each exhale. Avoid bouncing or forcing the stretch.6.Slowly release the stretch and return to the starting position. Repeat on the other side by extending the bent leg and bending the other.Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Seated Single Leg Isometric' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit against a wall..2.Bend one leg and tuck the foot by the straight leg's knee..3.Dynamically reach forward towards your toes and return to starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Static Standing Single Leg' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position, bring one leg slightly forward..2.Raise your toes and lean over towards them..3.Maintain the position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Supine Dynamic Band' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a theraband or stretch strap around your foot..2.Lie back onto the ground..3.Raise your leg to stretching point with the aid of the band (strap)..4.Tug onto the strap on the end of range to dynamically stretch the hamstring..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Supine Glide' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a theraband around your foot..2.Lie back onto the ground..3.Raise your leg to stretching point with the aid of the band, keeping a slightly bent knee..4.Extend and bend your knee to actively stretch your hamstring..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstring Stretch Supine Static' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a theraband or stretch strap around your foot..2.Lie back onto the ground..3.Raise your leg to stretching point with the aid of the band (strap)..4.Tug onto the strap on the end of range to dynamically stretch the hamstring..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstrings Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs out in front of you..2.Reach forward to try and touch your toes. Reach as far forward as you can go..3.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then return to starting position..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Hamstrings Stretch Variation Four, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Hamstrings Stretch Variation Four, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstrings Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down with your legs reaching up the wall. your bum should be slightly off the floor..2.Bend one leg and leave the other outstretched..3.Push your thigh towards the wall..4.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then return to starting position..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, How To Do A Hamstrings Stretch Variation One, Leg Exercise, How to do Hamstrings Stretch Variation One, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Hamstrings Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with one leg outstretched and the other bent at the knee, foot resting on the opposite inner thigh..2.Reach forward to touch the toes of the outstretched leg..3.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then return to starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Hamstring Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Hamstrings Stretch Variation Three, How to do Hamstrings Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Hamstrings Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with one foot in front of the other..2.Bend your rear leg as much as you can, keeping the front leg straight..3.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then return to starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, How To Do A Hamstrings Stretch Variation Two, Leg Exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Hamstrings Stretch Variation Two, Hamstring Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise"\n"The 'Hand Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a kneeling position with your hands planted on the ground..2.Pick your knees up off the ground. Hold in this position with a flat back..Hand Plank Detailed How to:.Setup.I suggest starting in a kneeling position as opposed to starting with your hips on the ground. When you begin from the hips on the ground position, your lumbar spine is hyperextended, which is dangerous and to be avoided in the overwhelming majority of exercises..You can either do a closed fist or open hand position. Whichever feels more comfortable. Step one foot back, and then the other to begin the Plank..Performing The Hand Plank.Be careful to not let your hips rise or sag as you were holding the Hand Plank. Maintain a flat back the entire set. If you are having trouble knowing if your back is flat, try performing the exercise in front of a mirror so you can check your form. .Continuously press your hands into the ground and spread your scapula. This will recruit your serratus anterior and get you some extra core work..How To Progress The Hand Plank:.Like any other exercise, progression is important with the Plank. However, since the Plank is a hold and not a dynamic exercise with reps, it can be challenging knowing how to and when to progress the Plank. Heres a quick step by step guide on progressing the Plank.Set a range similar to a rep range. For example, 45 to 60 seconds. Lets say in the beginning you are only able to do 45 seconds. Each week, try to add a bit more time (2-5 secs). Once you are able to complete 60 seconds with good form time to further progress..Switch to a more difficult variation. The natural next step is switching to the Hand Plank. Keep your same time range of 45-60 seconds. Since this is a more difficult variation you will likely fatigue before 60 seconds. Build your way back to 60 seconds like you did with the Forearm Plank. .Add weight. At this point, its time to try adding some resistance to the Plank. Start light! You can either ask a gym buddy or place the weight on your back yourself. Either way, make sure the plate is in the middle of your upper back and not your lumbar spine. Then you can progress the plank similarly to any other exercise. By adding weight bit by bit overtime..You can continue to progress by going to a more difficult hold (Long Lever Plank, Hollow Hold) and then adding weight to those over time..Hold, How To Do A Hand Plank, How to do Hand Plank, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Abdominals, At Home Exercise, Best, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Hand Side Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Press your hand into the ground and pick up your hip off the ground..2.Open your chest and maintain this position for the allotted amount of time..How To Do A Hand Side Plank, Bodyweight Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, How to do Hand Side Plank, At Home Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, Obliques Exercise"\n"The 'Hand Side Plank Reach Through' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a side plank position..2.Reach your top arm under your body..3.Return to the plank position..Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, Obliques Exercise"\n"The 'Hanging Knee Raises' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar and hang, your body still and your legs straight..2.Slowly draw your knees up to your chest.3.Once you have raised your knees as high as possible, lower your legs and repeat. Duration of these movements should be slow so that you do not utilize momentum, enabling you to get the most out of the exercise..4.Duration of these movements should be slow so that you do not utilize momentum, enabling you to get the most out of the exercise..abs, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How To Do A Hanging Knee Raises, Abs Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, lower abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How to do Hanging Knee Raises"\n"The 'Hanging L Sit' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hang from a bar with arms fully extended..2.Lift legs to form an ""L"" shape..3.Hold for allotted amount of time keeping your abs flexed..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Bodyweight Exercise, Abs Exercise, Forearms Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Headstand' is a 'Advanced' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin on your hands and knees with your wrists under your shoulders and your knees under your hips..2.Place your forearms on the floor and interlace your fingers..3.Place the crown of your head on the floor and tuck your toes under..4.Walk your feet towards your head and lift your hips up..5.Straighten your legs and find your balance. Hold for several breaths and then release..How To Do A Headstand, Yoga Exercises, Headstand, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, Shoulder Exercise, advanced exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, advanced Yoga exercise, Sirasana, Yoga, How to do Headstand, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Heels Up Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your heels on a plate or very low step..2.Keep your chest tall and initiate the squat by pushing your hips back and breaking at the knees..3.You should notice yourself able to squat lower than normal..Quads, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Heels Up Squat, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, How to do Heels Up Squat, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Squat, Quad Dominant, At Home Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Extension 4Pt Position Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on the 4 point position (on all fours)..2.Straighten and raise one leg till it is parallel to the ground..3.Make sure your spine remains in a neutral position..4.If you feel your lower back stiff or sore when performing this exercise, ask a trainer or therapist to guide you through..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Extension External Rotation 4Pt Position' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on the 4 point position (on all fours)..2.Straighten and raise one leg till it is parallel to the ground..3.Maintain the position but externally rotate the leg (knee aims out).4.If you feel your lower back stiff or sore when performing this exercise, ask a trainer or therapist to guide you through..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Extension External Rotation Pulses 4Pt Position' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on the 4 point position (on all fours)..2.Straighten and raise one leg till it is parallel to the ground and externally rotate the leg (knee aims out)..3.Perform small upward movements while maintaining the externally rotated position of the knee..4.Make sure your spine remains in a neutral position..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Extension Into Side Flexion' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on the 4 point position (on all fours)..2.Straighten and raise one leg till it is parallel to the ground..3.Make sure your spine remains in a neutral position..4.If you feel your lower back stiff or sore when performing this exercise, ask a trainer or therapist to guide you through..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Flexor Stretch Kneeling Lunge 1' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to kneeling lunge position. Keep a 90 angle at knees..2.Slide the front knee forward while gently leaning back..3.Squeeze the glute on the side of the leg that's to the front to avoid lower back complaints..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Flexor Stretch Kneeling Lunge 2' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to kneeling lunge position. Keep a 90 angle at knees..2.Slide the front knee forward while gently leaning back. Raise your arm diagonally backwards.3.Squeeze the glute on the side of the leg that's to the front to avoid lower back complaints..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Flexor Stretch Kneeling Lunge 3' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself to kneeling lunge position. Keep a 90 angle at knees..2.Back foot should be elevated (the higher the elevation the more the hip flexor/upper quad will stretch)..3.Slide the front knee forward while gently leaning back..4.Squeeze the glute on the side of the leg that's to the front to avoid lower back complaints..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise"\n"The 'Hip Openers' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, glutes, anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position perform a walkout (use to palms to ""walk"" into the push up position)..2.Bring your leg to the side and place the foot by your palm..3.Rotate towards the ceiling and then towards the ground, pressing the hips towards the ground..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Pec Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Hollow Hold' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with your arms extended over head..2.Pick your upper back and your legs off the ground. Your body should be in a banana shape..3.Hold in this position..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Bodyweight Exercise, How To Do A Hollow Hold, Abs Exercise, advanced exercise, At Home Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, advanced Bodyweight exercise, How to do Hollow Hold"\n"The 'Horizontal Hack Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position yourself in the hack squat machine with your back against the pad and shoulders under the shoulder pads..2.Place feet shoulder-width apart on the platform..3.Press through your heels to the starting position, keeping your core engaged. Repeat for desired reps and sets..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'I's Prone' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your front with your arms extended and above your head..2.Point the thumbs up..3.Try to raise your arms off the ground keeping them straight..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'In And Out Jump Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Start by doing a regular squat, then engage your core and jump up explosively..3.Narrow your stance while in the air, and land softly. Go directly into another rep..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Inchworm' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, hinge at hips, and reach hands to the floor..2.Walk hands forward into a plank position..3.Walk feet towards hands and repeat the motion..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Incline Push Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing bench or sturdy elevated platform..2.Place hands on edge of bench or platform, slightly wider than shoulder width..3.Slowly lower your body until your chest almost touches the bench..4.Push body up until arms are extended..Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How To Do A Incline Push Up, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, How to do Incline Push Up, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Infinity Loop Standing Hip Mobility' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes, rectus-femoris' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position raise one knee till the thigh is parallel to the ground..2.Bring the knee to your side without rotating the hips..3.The knee drives the movement and the ankle lags slightly behind..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Internally Rotated Seated Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit with your chest in your lap, dumbbells in hands, arms bent, internally rotate shoulders..2.Raise dumbbells out to sides, squeeze rear delts..3.Lower weights, repeat for reps..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Inverted Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay underneath a fixed horizontal bar and grab the bar with a wide overhand grip..2.Pull your body straight up to the bar..3.Return to the starting position, your arms fully extended. Repeat..Mid Back Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, How to do Inverted Row, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How To Do A Inverted Row"\n"The 'Jump Into Single Leg Landing' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from the standing position. Lower your body into a semi-squatted position..2.Push off the ground with two legs to perform the jump..3.Land on one leg, making sure to absorb the impact by bending the knee as much as needed..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Jump Off Box Single Leg Landing' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from the standing position on a box. Lower your body into a semi-squatted position.2.Push off the box with two legs to perform the jump..3.Land on one leg, on the ground, making sure to absorb the impact by bending the knee as much as needed..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Jump On And Off Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from the standing position. Lower your body into a semi-squatted position.2.Push off the ground with two legs to perform the jump and land on the box. Jump off the box in the same manner.3.Land on one leg, on the ground, making sure to absorb the impact by bending the knee as much as needed..4.Absorb the impact by bending the knees when landing. Try to maintain your balance.Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Jump Rope' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold handles, elbows close, and jump with both feet together..2.Rotate wrists to swing the rope over your head..3.Jump as it reaches your feet, keeping a steady rhythm..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Jump Squats' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Start by doing a regular squat, then engage your core and jump up explosively..3.When you land, lower your body back into the squat position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Jump Squats, How To Do A Jump Squats, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Jumping Mountain Climber' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a plank position, hands under shoulders, feet together..2.Jump feet forward, landing outside hands in a low squat..3.Explode back to plank, repeat continuously for desired reps..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Alternating Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a kettlebell at your chest, feet hip-width apart..2.Step one leg diagonally back into a lunge..3.Alternate legs, keeping your chest up and core engaged..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Alternating Forward Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, holding kettlebells by your sides, feet hip-width apart..2.Step forward with one leg, lowering until both knees form 90 angles..3.Push through front foot, return to start, and switch legs..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Alternating Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold one kettlebell with one or both hands, feet hip-width apart..2.Step out to one side, bending the knee..3.Push off, return to center, then switch sides..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Alternating Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold two kettlebells by your side..2.Take a big step backwards with your left leg, lowering your body until your left thigh is parallel to the ground and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..3.Push back up and switch legs, alternating each rep..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Alternating Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, kettlebell in one hand..2.Bend at hips, row kettlebell to chest..3.Alternate hands for each row..Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Alternating Swing' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, kettlebell between legs..2.Hinge at hips, swing kettlebell between legs..3.Swing kettlebell up, switch hands at the top, and repeat in a fluid motion..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Assisted Bulgarian Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a stick of some sort or hold onto something stable (rack, bench)..2.Grab a box that is knee height or slightly lower..3.Hold the stick in your right arm, kettlebell in the other and put your right leg on the box..4.Begin your squat by breaking at the knees. Get your knee close to the floor or all the way to the floor. Make sure to keep your chest tall..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on a bench, hold kettlebells above chest..2.Lower them to chest, then push up..3.Repeat for desired reps, maintaining form..Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Bench Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the kettlebells with your palm facing upwards with your forearm rested against the bench..2.Slowly curl your wrist upwards in a semicircular motion..3.Return to starting position and repeat..Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Kettlebells"\n"The 'Kettlebell Bench Wrist Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'wrist-extensors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab two kettlebells with an overhand grip and lay your forearms across a bench..2.Let your wrists flex fully, then extend your wrists..Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Kettlebells"\n"The 'Kettlebell Bottoms Up Overhead Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a kettlebell in each hand with the bottom of the kettlebell facing up..2.Bring the kettlebells to your shoulders, with your palms facing forward and your elbows bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arms upwards so that the kettlebells are overhead..4.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Bottoms Up Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding one kettlebell with the bottom of the kettlebell facing up..2.Bring the kettlebell to your shoulders, with your palms facing forward and your elbows bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arms upwards so that the kettlebell are overhead..4.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Box Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a box or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart with a kettlebell in a goblet position..2.Lower your body into a squat position, sitting back onto the box and pausing for a moment before standing back up..3.Push through your heels to return to the standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a kettlebell in each hand, raise your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary..2.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Calf Raise, How To Do A Kettlebell Calf Raise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Chest Press (Single)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Laying on the floor with your knees bent and feet firmly on the floor, hold the kettlebell at your chest with both hands..2.Fully extend your arms, raising the kettlebell until your elbows are locked..3.Lower the kettlebell to the starting position and repeat..beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Kettlebell Chest Press, How to do Kettlebell Chest Press, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Clean And Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with kettlebells between legs..2.Swing kettlebells up to shoulder..3.Press kettlebells overhead..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Concentration Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sitting on a chair with your legs apart, rest your arm against your thigh and hold the kettlebell with your arm extended towards the floor..2.Bending your arm at the elbow, lift the kettlebell until your palm faces your shoulder..3.Lower to the starting position and repeat..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Concentration Curl, Kettlebells, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Concentration Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Conventional Deadlift (Double)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart..2.Bend at hips and knees to lift kettlebells..3.Stand tall, then lower..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab two kettlebells, stand tall..2.Curl kettlebells toward chest..3.Lower kettlebells, repeat..Biceps Exercise, Kettlebells, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Deadlift (Single)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Return to standing position and repeat..Butt Exercise, Mid Back Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Deadlift, Hamstrings Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Deadlift, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Decline Skull Crusher' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the floor with your upper back and soles of feet on the floor, knees bent, and pelvis and lower back suspended in the air..2.Hold the kettlebell in both hands directly above your chest..3.Keeping your upper arms in place, bend your elbows to bring the kettlebell to the floor above your head..4.Return the kettlebell to the starting position and repeat..Kettlebell Exercise, Tricep Exercise, advanced exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Decline Skull Crusher, Kettlebells, Arm Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Decline Skull Crusher, Triceps Exercise, advanced Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, kettlebells in each hand, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Farmers Carry' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, hands, wrist-flexors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold two kettlebells in each hand..2.Keep your shoulders blades pulled back and walk for a specified duration..beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, How To Do A Kettlebell Farmers Carry, Forearms Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Farmers Carry, Forearm Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Farmers March' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, hands' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall holding two kettlebells in each hand..2.March in place for the desired amount of reps or time..Forearm Exercise, Kettlebells, Forearms Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Figure Four Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin seated, kettlebell on hips..2.Lift hips, form figure four leg shape..3.Lower, repeat thrusts..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Floor Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back on the floor with your knees bent and feet flat on the ground. Place a kettlebell on the floor beside one shoulder.2.Roll onto your side and grasp the kettlebell handle with both hands, bringing it close to your chest. Carefully roll onto your back, positioning the kettlebell over your chest with your elbow resting on the floor.3.Adjust your grip so that the kettlebell handle runs diagonally across your palm, and the bell rests on the outside of your forearm. Your elbow should be tucked slightly into your side, and your arm should be at about a 45-degree angle to your body.4.Keeping your elbow braced on the floor, press the kettlebell straight up towards the ceiling by extending your arm. Exhale as you press, focusing on contracting your chest and tricep.5.Pause briefly at the top when your arm is fully extended and the kettlebell is directly over your shoulder.6.Slowly lower the kettlebell back down with control until your elbow gently touches the floor again, feeling the stretch in your chest. Inhale as you lower.7.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions on one side before carefully switching the kettlebell to the other hand and repeating the process.Kettlebell Exercise, Kettlebells, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Forward Lunge (Double)' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebell at your side..2.Step forward, lunge, and return..3.Repeat with opposite leg..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Curtsy Lunge (Double)' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals, gluteus-medius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebells in front rack..2.Step back and lunge diagonally..Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, kettlebells in front rack position, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Forward Lunge (Double)' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with kettlebells in front rack..2.Step forward into lunge..3.Return to starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Lateral Lunge (Double)' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals, gluteus-medius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebell in front rack..2.Step sideways into a lunge position..3.Return to start position. Repeat..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Reverse Lunge (Double)' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with kettlebell in front rack..2.Step back into lunge..3.Return to start position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Single Arm Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals, gluteus-medius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebell in front rack..2.Step sideways, lunge..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebells close to chest..2.Squat down, keeping chest up..3.Stand up, extending hips fully..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Rack Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold kettlebells at your shoulders..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with feet shoulder width apart, holding the kettlebell in front of your pelvis..2.Keeping arms straight, raise the kettlebell slightly higher than head level..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Front Raise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, How to do Kettlebell Front Raise, Shoulder Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Full Swing' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, kettlebell between legs..2.Hinge at hips, grip kettlebell, and swing it overhead..3.Extend hips and knees, lock out arms at the top..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Laying on the floor with your knees bent and feet firmly on the floor, rest the kettlebell on your pelvis..2.Pushing through the legs and keeping the core muscles engaged, raise your pelvis off the floor until your stomach, pelvis and thighs make a straight line..3.Slowly lower to the ground to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Glute Bridge, Butt Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Goblet Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a kettlebell in a goblet position, raise your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary..2.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Goblet Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a kettlebell in both hands in front of your pelvis..2.Raise the kettlebell bending your arms at the elbow until the kettlebell is level with your chest..3.Lower to the starting position and repeat..Bicep Exercise, Kettlebells, How To Do A Kettlebell Goblet Curl, Kettlebell Exercise, Arm Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Goblet Curl, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Goblet Good Morning' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your chest..2.Bend forward at the hips keeping your back and knees straight and the kettlebell close to your chest..3.Return to standing position and thrust your pelvis forward..How To Do A Kettlebell Goblet Good Morning, Butt Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Goblet Good Morning, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Goblet Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the weight tucked into your upper chest area, keeping your elbows in. Your feet should be slightly wider than your shoulders..2.Sink down into the squat, keeping your elbows inside the track of your knees..3.Push through your heels while keeping your chest up and return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Goblet Squat, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Goblet Squat, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Gorilla Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with kettlebell between legs..2.Hinge at hips, grab kettlebell, pull to chest and rotate at the torso.Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Guillotine Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on bench, hold kettlebell with both hands over chest..2.Lower kettlebells, elbows flared..3.Press kettlebells upward, fully extending arms. Repeat..Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Half Kneeling Goblet Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one knee on a bench and hold a kettlebell in a goblet position..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knee mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Half Kneeling Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one knee on a bench and hold a kettlebell..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knee mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Heels Up Goblet Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the weight tucked into your upper chest area, keeping your elbows in. Your feet should be slightly wider than your shoulders and the heels slightly raised on a surface..2.Sink down into the squat, keeping your elbows inside the track of your knees..3.Push through your heels while keeping your chest up and return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Heels Up Goblet Squat, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, How To Do A Kettlebell Heels Up Goblet Squat, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell High Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position the bench between 45 and 60 degrees..2.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground..3.Lower the kettlebells to your mid chest.4.Raise the kettlebells (slowly and controlled) until you've locked your elbows..Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sitting on the floor with your knees bent and feet planted firmly on the floor, lean your back against the bench..2.Resting the kettlebell on your pelvis, raise your pelvis until your stomach, pelvis and thighs are in line..3.Slowly lower until you are in the starting position and repeat..How to do Kettlebell Hip Thrust, Butt Exercise, Kettlebells, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Hip Thrust, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Hollow Hold' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a kettlebell..2.Lie on your back, lift legs & shoulders off floor..3.Hold kettlebell above your head, engage core, and maintain position..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Kettlebells, Abs Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position the bench between 30 and 45 degrees..2.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground..3.Lower the kettlebells to your mid chest.4.Raise the kettlebells (slowly and controlled) until you've locked your elbows..Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Incline Guillotine Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on bench, hold kettlebell with both hands over chest..2.Lower kettlebells, elbows flared..3.Press kettlebells upward, fully extending arms. Repeat..Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Incline Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Leaning across the back section of the bench, with feet firmly on the floor and with arms hanging to the sides..2.Holding the kettlebell in both hands engage your shoulder blades, as if you are trying to touch them together. Release the shrug..Traps (mid-back) Exercise, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, How to do Kettlebell Incline Shrug, Mid Back Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Incline Shrug, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Kickstand Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, one foot slightly behind. Hold kettlebell in a goblet position..2.Lower into a squat, keeping weight on front heel..3.Return to standing, engaging glutes and core..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Kneel To Stand Shoulder Flexion Bent Elbow Hold' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with the working arm in front of you and bent at the elbow (90)..2.Hold an inverted kettlebell in that arm..3.Try to kneel and then stand up without allowing the kettlebell to fall over.."\n"The 'Kettlebell Kneeling Bottoms Up Overhead Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by taking a kneeling position and holding a kettlebell in each hand with the bottom of the kettlebell facing up..2.Bring the kettlebells to your shoulders, with your palms facing forward and your elbows bent..3.From this starting position, extend your arms upwards so that the kettlebells are overhead..4.Make sure to keep your core engaged and your back straight throughout the movement..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebells in front of you..2.Step sideways, lunge down and let the kettlebells land between your legs..3.Push off, return to start. Repeat..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Lateral Lunge (Single)' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight with your feet shoulder width apart. Keep your back straight and hold the kettlebell in front of your pelvis..2.Take a large step to one side, holding the kettlebell low and lunge into the bent leg..3.Return to the starting position and repeat.Butt Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Lateral Lunge, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Lateral Lunge, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Long Lever Lateral Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder width apart holding a kettlebell with one hand at your side..2.Keeping your arm straight, swing the kettlebell up and out, away from your body to around head height, holding on to the kettlebell firmly so it does not change position in your hand..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Long Lever Lateral Raise, Kettlebells, Shoulder Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Long Lever Lateral Raise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Be careful getting the KB into place overhead. Push your elbows forward while keeping your elbows tucked in..2.Look for what feels like a stretch in your triceps. Extend your elbows until your fists are pointed at the ceiling..Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Pec Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie flat on a bench, holding a kettlebell in each hand above your chest..2.Slowly lower the kettlebells outwards, then lift them back up to the starting position..Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Preacher Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand behind a bench, with your chest leaning over the edge of the bench..2.With one arm resting on the bench, hold the kettlebell, bending the arm at the elbow..3.Lower your arm using the bench as a guide, keeping your forearm straight..4.Return to the starting position and repeat..intermediate Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Preacher Curl, Bicep Exercise, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Preacher Curl, Arm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Pullover' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Rest your upper back on the bench and place soles of your feet firmly on the floor keeping torso and thighs suspended and parallel to the floor..2.Hold the kettlebell with both hands above your chest, keeping your arms straight..3.Keeping your arms straight, move the kettlebell in the direction of your head until your arms are parallel to the floor..4.Return to starting to position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Pullover, advanced exercise, Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Pullover, advanced Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Push Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with kettlebell in rack position..2.Dip at knees and hips..3.Explosively push kettlebell overhead, fully extending arms..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Quad Stomp' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your foot on a plate or a low box. Hold two kettlebells in each hand..2.Put all of your weight on your front foot and lean forward..3.Lower until your calves touch your hamstrings and then extend back up..Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Rear Delt Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart, holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Lift the kettlebell upwards towards your upper chest and then lower the kettlebell- repeat..Shoulder Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Rear Delt Row, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Rear Delt Row, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Rear Delt Row (Double)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, kettlebell in each hand, hinge at hips..2.Pull kettlebells while flaring your elbows, squeezing shoulder blades. Keep back flat..Shoulder Exercise, Kettlebells, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart..2.Hold kettlebell with palms facing down..3.Lift kettlebell toward shoulders, squeezing biceps, then lower with control..Biceps Exercise, Kettlebells, Forearm Exercise, Arm Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebells at your side..2.Step backward, lower body..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, holding kettlebells in front..2.Hinge at hips, keeping back straight, and lower kettlebells towards ground..3.Return to start position, squeezing glutes at the top..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, hold a kettlebell in each hand..2.Hinge at hips, keep back straight, and pull both kettlebells to hips..Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Row (Single)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Lift the kettlebell upwards towards your chest and lower - repeat..Mid Back Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Row, How To Do A Kettlebell Row, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Russian Twist' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs bent, knees together and feet raised slightly off the floor..2.Starting on one side and sitting up straight with your core muscles engaged, lift the kettlebell off the floor with both hands and bring it across your body to the other side, rotating your chest towards the floor as you do so..3.Tap the kettlebell lightly on the floor and bring the kettlebell back across your body to the starting position, rotating your chest towards the floor..4.Repeat, keeping the legs bent and feet raised throughout the exercise..How To Do A Kettlebell Russian Twist, How to do Kettlebell Russian Twist, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Seated Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sitting comfortably on a chair with your core stomach muscles engaged, place your feet on the floor..2.Place the kettlebell on your legs, just above the knees and raise your heels upwards off the floor..3.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Seated Calf Raise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, How to do Kettlebell Seated Calf Raise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Seated Calf Raise Double' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on a bench with a barbell resting on your knees. Your feet should be flat on the ground, about hip-width apart..2.Place your hands on the barbell for support, and lift your heels off the ground..3.Hold this position for a moment, then slowly lower your heels back to the ground..Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Seated Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.There should be a straight line from your elbow to fist (vertical forearms)..2.Sit tall and try not to arch your spine as you're pressing..3.Press until your elbows are extended and push your head forward slightly..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Shoulder Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart bending forward at the hips as far as comfortable. Place off-hand on the same side thigh for stability..2.Hold the kettlebell in one hand, straight armed and pointing towards the floor..3.Keeping your arm straight, swing the kettlebell behind you as far as comfortable..4.Return to the starting position and repeat..Kettlebells, How to do Kettlebell Shoulder Extension, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, Lats Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Shoulder Extension, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Shoulder Flexion Bent Elbow Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with the working arm in front of you and bent at the elbow (90)..2.Hold an inverted kettlebell in that arm..3.The goal is to maintain the position of the kettlebell without it falling over.."\n"The 'Kettlebell Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, hold one kettlebell in each hand at your sides..2.Lift your shoulders upward while keeping arms straight..3.Lower shoulders back down, repeat for desired reps..Trapezius Exercise, Kettlebells, Traps Exercise, Upper Traps Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Shrug (Single)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing up straight with feet shoulder width apart..2.Holding the kettlebell in both hands in front of your pelvis, engage your shoulder blades, as if you are trying to touch them together..3.Release the shrug and repeat.Trapezius Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Traps Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Shrug, How to do Kettlebell Shrug, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Silverback Shrug (Single)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Holding the kettlebell in both hands engage your shoulder blades, as if you are trying to touch them together. Release the shrug..Traps Exercise, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Trapezius Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Silverback Shrug, Kettlebell Exercise, Cobra Traps, How to do Kettlebell Silverback Shrug"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with your feet on the ground. You can put the the balls of your feet on top of a plate to extend the range of motion..2.Imagine you have a string attached to your heels and pull your heels up toward the ceiling..Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the floor with your knees bent and feet firmly on the floor, with your arms to the side of your body..2.Holding a kettlebell in one hand, keeping your arm fully extended with a slight bend in the elbow and your forearms facing upwards, lift the kettlebell above your chest..3.Lower the kettlebell to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Single Arm Chest Fly, How to do Kettlebell Single Arm Chest Fly, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Clean And Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin with the kettlebell between your legs..2.Hinge at your hips, and lift to shoulder, then press overhead..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a kettlebell in one hand with your forearm facing out..2.Raise the kettlebell, bending your arm at the elbow and keeping your forearm vertical until your palm faces the shoulder..3.Lower to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Single Arm Curl, How to do Kettlebell Single Arm Curl, Bicep Exercise, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, Arm Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet hip-width apart, holding a kettlebell in one hand (the hand on the same side as the leg that will step back, or the opposite side for a stability challenge). Hold the kettlebell in a racked position (bell resting on your forearm, elbow tucked in) or in a farmer's carry position (arm extended down at your side).2.Keeping your chest up and core engaged, take a large step backward and diagonally with the leg opposite to the hand holding the kettlebell. Your back foot should land behind and outside of your front foot, as if you are doing a curtsy.3.As you step back, lower your hips straight down until your front thigh is parallel to the floor and your back knee is hovering just above the ground. Ensure your front knee is tracking over your toes and not caving inward, and your torso remains upright.4.Push off the back foot and drive through the heel of your front foot to return to the starting standing position. Maintain control and balance as you bring your feet back together.5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions on one side before switching the kettlebell to the other hand and performing the exercise on the other leg."\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Farmers March' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, hands, wrist-flexors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a kettlebell in one hand, lift the knee of one leg off the floor to knee height..2.Bring the leg back to standing and repeat with the other leg, keeping the kettlebell on the same side..3.Repeat..Forearm Exercise, Kettlebells, Forearms Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Farmers Walk' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'forearms, obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a kettlebell in one hand, walk for a specified distance or duration..2.Stay upright and don't lean to one side..Obliques, Kettlebells, Obliques Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Ab Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Floor Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start flat on your back with a kettlebell extended over you..2.Bring your elbow to the floor, rest for a second to remove all the momentum from the rep, then press to a lockout..Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Forward Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight with your feet slightly apart and hold a kettlebell in one hand..2.Bring the same leg as the arm holding the kettlebell in front of you, squat down until your thigh is parallel to the ground, keeping your back straight..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..Butt Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Forward Lunge, How To Do A Kettlebell Forward Lunge, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Front Rack Forward Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebell in front rack position..2.Step forward, lunge. Bringing your back knee to the floor..3.Extend your knee and return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Front Rack Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold kettlebell in front rack position..2.Step backward, lunge. Bring your back knee to the floor..3.Extend your knee back into the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Front Rack Step Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a step or bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and hold a kettlebell at one shoulder..2.Step up onto the bench with your right foot, pushing off your foot to raise your body up onto the bench..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder width apart holding a kettlebell with one hand at your side..2.Keeping your arm straight, swing the kettlebell up and out, away from your body to around head height..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Single Arm Lateral Raise, How to do Kettlebell Single Arm Lateral Raise, Kettlebells, Shoulder Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Laying on the floor with your knees bent and feet firmly on the floor, leave one arm resting to the side of the body..2.Using the other arm, hold the kettlebell at arms length directly upwards of your shoulder..3.Lower your arm until your upper arm to elbow is resting on the floor..4.Return to starting position..How to do Kettlebell Single Arm Press, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Kettlebell Single Arm Press, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Bring one arm behind you and rest this arm on your back. With the other arm, hold the kettlebell at arms length close to the floor..4.Swing the kettlebell out and up towards the side of your body and then return to centre. Repeat..intermediate Kettlebells exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Single Arm Rear Delt Fly, How To Do A Kettlebell Single Arm Rear Delt Fly, Kettlebells, Shoulder Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Reverse Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart..2.Hold a kettlebell with palms facing down..3.Lift kettlebell toward shoulders, squeezing biceps, then lower with control..Bicep Exercise, Kettlebells, Forearms Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Arm Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight with your feet slightly apart and hold a kettlebell in one hand..2.Bring the same leg as the arm holding the kettlebell behind you, squat down until your back knee touches the ground, keeping your back straight..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Reverse Lunge, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Reverse Lunge, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart, shifting one foot behind you. Hold the kettlebell in the same hand as the leg shifted backwards..2.Bend forwards at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knee, keeping your back straight..3.Lift the kettlebell upwards towards your chest and lower - repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Single Arm Row, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Single Arm Row, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Row On Bench' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing in front of a flat bench with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a kettlebell in one hand..2.Place your other hand on the bench for support, and bend at the waist so that your chest is parallel to the ground..3.From this starting position, row the kettlebell up towards your chest, squeezing your shoulder blade together as you do so..4.Make sure to keep your elbow close to your body and your core engaged throughout the movement..Kettlebells, Lats Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Snatch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, kettlebell between legs..2.Squat, grip kettlebell, explode hips, and lift kettlebell overhead..3.Lower kettlebell safely to start position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Step Up Balance' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a sturdy box or bench that is about knee-height, holding a kettlebell in one hand.2.Place your right foot on the box and push through the heel to lift your body up and onto the box, keeping your left foot off the ground..3.Step back down with your right foot, lowering your left foot to the ground..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Arm Swing' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, kettlebell between legs, grip with one hand, hinge at hips..2.Swing kettlebell forcefully forward, using hip thrust, arm straight..3.Swing kettlebell back between legs, repeat for desired reps..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Leg Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a kettlebell in one hand, lift the same foot as the side without the kettlebell off the floor..2.Raise your heel upwards while keeping your knees stationary..3.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..How to do Kettlebell Single Leg Calf Raise, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Single Leg Calf Raise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Leg Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart, lifting one foot off the floor behind you. Hold the kettlebell in the same arm as the lifted leg..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you extend your lifted leg behind you, keeping your back straight - holding out your arm to the side for balance..3.Return to the upright position and repeat..Butt Exercise, advanced exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Single Leg Deadlift, How To Do A Kettlebell Single Leg Deadlift, Hamstrings Exercise, advanced Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Laying on the floor with one knee bent with the foot firmly on the floor and one leg extended, rest the kettlebell on your pelvis..2.Pushing through the bent leg and keeping the core muscles engaged, raise your pelvis and the extended leg off the floor until your stomach, pelvis and thighs make a straight line..3.Slowly lower to the ground to the starting position and repeat..Butt Exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Single Leg Glute Bridge, How To Do A Kettlebell Single Leg Glute Bridge, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Leg Hip Thrust' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sitting on the floor with one knee bent with the foot firmly on the floor and one leg extended, lean your back against the bench..2.Resting the kettlebell on your pelvis, raise your pelvis until your stomach, pelvis and thighs are in line..3.Slowly lower until you are in the starting position and repeat..Butt Exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Single Leg Hip Thrust, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Single Leg Hip Thrust, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Single Leg Single Arm Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with a kettlebell in one hand, lift the opposing foot off the floor..2.Raise your heel upwards while keeping your knees stationary..3.Pause when your heels are fully extended and then slowly return to the starting position and repeat..Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Situp' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on your back with straight legs and hold the kettle bell above your chest at arms length..2.Draw your belly into the base of your spine to engage the muscles, then raise your head and shoulders off the floor with the kettlebell raised at arms length above your chest..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How to do Kettlebell Situp, How To Do A Kettlebell Situp, Kettlebells, Abs Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Skull Crusher' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with knees in the air and soles of your feet flat on the floor..2.Hold the kettlebell in both hands directly above your chest..3.Keeping your upper arms in place, bend your elbows to slowly bring the kettlebell in front of your forehead..4.Return to the starting position and repeat..How To Do A Kettlebell Skull Crusher, How to do Kettlebell Skull Crusher, Kettlebells, advanced exercise, advanced Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Snatch (Double)' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin with a two kettlebells between your legs, hinge at hips, then swing it upwards explosively..2.As they rise, lock out arm overhead, wrist straight..3.Control the descent, then repeat..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Staggered Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin with feet hip-width apart, one foot forward, kettlebell between feet..2.Hinge at hips, grip kettlebell, and stand tall..3.Lower kettlebell with control, then repeat..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Staggered Deadlift (Single)' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart, shifting one foot behind you. Hold the kettlebell in both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees and keep your back straight..3.Return to the upright position and repeat..Butt Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Staggered Deadlift, Glute Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Staggered Deadlift, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Staggered Swing' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lower kettlebell with control, then repeat..2.Explosively thrust hips forward, swing kettlebell to chest height..3.Repeat for desired reps, keeping core engaged and maintaining a staggered stance for balance..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Staggered Waiters Bow' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up a bar at mid way up your quad. Place the working leg against the bar..2.Place one foot behind. You should only be on your toes on that back foot. Your front foot should be planted flat the entire time..3.Bend your back knee and push your hips back. Look for a stretch in your front hamstring..4.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward again until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Standing Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with legs shoulder width apart..2.Hold the kettlebell in both hands behind your head..3.Straighten arms bringing kettlebell above your head..4.Return to the starting position and repeat..How to do Kettlebell Standing Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, How To Do A Kettlebell Standing Tricep Extension, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Step Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing up straight, using a bench as a step, raise one foot onto the bench and hold the kettlebell in the same arm as the straight leg..2.Stand and bring both feet onto the bench. Slowly lower your leg back down to the starting position..3.Repeat..Quad Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Step Up, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Step Up, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Step Up Double' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing up straight, using a bench as a step, raise one foot onto the bench and hold the kettlebell in the same arm as the straight leg..2.Stand and bring both feet onto the bench. Slowly lower your leg back down to the starting position..3.Repeat..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Suitcase Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, obliques, hands' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing with your feet hip-width apart and holding a kettlebell at one side of your body, with your palms facing your thighs..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, bend at the hips and knees to lower the kettlebell down towards the ground..3.As the kettlebell reaches the ground, use your legs and glutes to push through your heels and extend your hips and knees to raise your body back to the starting position..4.Repeat the movement for the desired number of reps, then switch sides and repeat the exercise with the kettlebell on the opposite side of your body..Obliques, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Sumo Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet wide apart, toes pointing slightly outward, and kettlebell on the floor between your feet..2.Bend at hips and knees, keeping back straight, and grip the kettlebell handle..3.Lift the kettlebell by extending hips and knees, stand up straight, and return to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Swing' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet slightly wider than shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell between your legs, with your knees slightly bent..2.Keeping your back straight, swing the kettlebell upwards until the kettlebell is level with your chest and carefully lower..3.Repeat.Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Swing, Kettlebells, Hamstring Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Swing"\n"The 'Kettlebell Swing (Double)' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, kettlebells outside legs.2.Hinge at hips, swing kettlebells forward, then back..3.Thrust hips to swing kettlebells upward, keeping arms straight..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Kettlebells, Hamstring Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Swing Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width. Kettlebell at your side..2.Step forward with your right foot and bend both knees to lower your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Push off your right foot to return to the starting position..4.Step back with the same leg until the back knee taps the floor..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Tate Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie flat on your back. Keeping your arm straight, hold the kettlebell above your chest with your palm facing away from your body..2.Bend your arm, touching the kettlebell to the top of the shoulder opposite to the arm being worked..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..intermediate Kettlebells exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Tate Press, How to do Kettlebell Tate Press, Kettlebells, Kettlebell Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Upright Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Lift the kettlebell upwards towards your chest and lower - repeat..Traps Exercise, How to do Kettlebell Upright Row, Kettlebells, Shoulder Exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Upright Row"\n"The 'Kettlebell Upright Row Single' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder width apart holding the kettlebell with both hands in front of your thighs..2.Bend forward at the hips bringing the kettlebell to the floor while you slightly bend your knees, keeping your back straight..3.Lift the kettlebell upwards towards your chest and lower - repeat..Shoulder Exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Kettlebells, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Traps Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Waiters Bow' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a barbell at about midway up your thigh. Press your quads into the barbell..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Kettlebells, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Walking Farmers March' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'forearms, hands, wrist-flexors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Standing straight with kettlebells, start walking towards a set point. Pulling your knee up toward the ceiling..2.Make sure to keep your chest tall and shoulder blades pulled back..3.Try to keep your stride distance roughly the same..Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Kettlebells"\n"The 'Kettlebell Walking Shoulder Flexion Bent Elbow Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with the working arm in front of you and bent at the elbow (90)..2.Hold an inverted kettlebell in that arm. Walk around holding the kettlebell in that position..3.The goal is to maintain the position of the kettlebell without it falling over.."\n"The 'Kettlebell Walkover Pushup' is a 'Advanced' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Starting in a press up position with feet wide and one hand resting on the kettlebell, complete a full press up, lowering your chest towards the ground while keeping your body straight and returning to the starting position..2.Swap hands on the kettlebell, placing the hand originally on the kettlebell underneath your shoulder, complete another press up..3.Repeat..Kettlebells, intermediate Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Walkover Pushup, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Kettlebell Walkover Pushup, Chest Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Windmill' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet slightly wider than shoulder width apart. Hold the kettlebell in one hand and extend your arm above your head..2.Keeping your legs straight and the kettlebell above your head, lower the relaxed arm towards the ground, twisting your body towards the side of the raised arm..3.Return to the starting potion, tilt your pelvis forward and repeat..Kettlebells, advanced exercise, advanced Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Windmill, Kettlebell Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Windmill"\n"The 'Kettlebell Windmill Bottom Hand' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet slightly wider than shoulder width apart. Hold the kettlebell in your bottom hand and extend the other arm above your head..2.Keeping your legs straight and the kettlebell inside your thigh, lower the kettlebell towards the ground, twisting your body towards the side of the raised arm..3.Return to the starting position, tilt your pelvis forward and repeat..Obliques, Kettlebells, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet slightly wider than shoulder width apart and hold the kettle bell with both hands against your hip..2.Keeping your arms straight, swing the kettlebell upwards and across your body towards your shoulder, raising the kettlebell to head height rotating your hips as you do so..3.Return to the starting position and repeat..Obliques, beginner Kettlebells exercise, How to do Kettlebell Wood Chopper, Kettlebells, Ab Exercise, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Kettlebell Wood Chopper, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Wrist Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a kettlebell in both hands in front of your pelvis, with your forearms facing outwards..2.Flex your wrist towards your body until the kettlebell is level with your stomach..3.Lower to the starting position and repeat..How to do Kettlebell Wrist Curl, Kettlebells, How To Do A Kettlebell Wrist Curl, Forearms Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise, Forearm Exercise, beginner Kettlebells exercise"\n"The 'Kettlebell Wrist Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-extensors' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight with a kettlebell in both hands in front of your pelvis, with your forearms facing inwards..2.Flex your wrist upwards until wrists are fully extended..3.Lower to the starting position and repeat..beginner Kettlebells exercise, Kettlebells, How to do Kettlebell Wrist Extension, How To Do A Kettlebell Wrist Extension, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Kickbacks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get down on all fours and position your hands under your shoulders and your knees under your hips..2.Kick back with one leg and squeeze your glutes..3.Slowly return to starting position by bending your knee and lowering your leg..4.Switch Legs. Repeat..How To Do A Kickbacks, Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Kickbacks, At Home Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Knee Extension Seated Partial' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a box or bench, but make sure that your upper leg is supported..2.Extend your leg fully but bend 1/3 of the way back down..3.Perform as many partial reps as indicated on your training program..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Knee Pull And Lumbar Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back and flatten you lower back against the ground.2.Pull one knee towards your chest and then across your body till it forces your lower back into a rotated position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Kneeling Quad Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on your heels..2.Lean back onto your palms..3.To increase stretch intensity lift bum off heels..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'L Sit Chin Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar shoulder width apart with a supinated grip (palms facing you).2.With your body in an ""L"" position and arms fully extended, pull yourself up until your chin is past the bar..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..Bodyweight Exercise, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Landmine Alternating Lunge And Twist' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, obliques' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up the landmine attachment and load weight..2.Stand facing the landmine, holding the weight away from your chest..3.Step backward with one leg, lunge down while twisting your torso toward the front leg, return to starting position, and repeat on the other side..Obliques, How to do Landmine Alternating Lunge And Twist, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Alternating Lunge And Twist, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Alternating Lunge To Chest Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the landmine with feet hip-width apart and holding the end of the landmine barbell with both hands, keeping elbows bent and close to your body..2.Step backward with the right foot, lunge down, and press the landmine away from your chest..3.Push through the left heel to return to the starting position while pulling the landmine back to your chest..4.Repeat on the opposite side, alternating for the desired number of reps..How To Do A Landmine Alternating Lunge To Chest Press, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Landmine Alternating Lunge To Chest Press"\n"The 'Landmine Alternating Single Arm Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the landmine leaning forward slightly with the end of the barbell held in one hand at your shoulder with your elbow positioned beneath your wrist..2.While keeping your elbow pointed forward, drive the bar directly overhead, switching hands at the top of the movement. Lower the bar back down to the other side of your body, mirroring the starting position..3.Repeat for desired number of reps, switching hands at the top of each rep..Shoulder Exercise, How to do Landmine Alternating Single Arm Press, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Alternating Single Arm Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Bicep Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand beside the landmine with your feet shoulder-width apart while grasping the end of the landmine barbell with the hand farther away from the landmine attachment, palm facing up and your elbow close to your side..2.Curl the barbell up towards your opposite shoulder, contracting your bicep muscles, then slowly lower the barbell back down..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..Biceps Exercise, How to do Landmine Bicep Curl, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Bicep Curl, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Calf Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the barbell, holding the end of the barbell close to your chest in both hands with your elbows tucked in to your sides..2.Drive though the balls of your feet to raise your heels off the ground, squeezing your calves, with a focus on making sure your ankles do not turn out or in..3.Lower your heels back down to the ground and repeat for the desired number of reps..How to do Landmine Calf Raise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Calf Raise, Calves Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Landmine Concentration Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on one knee facing the landmine, holding the end of the barbell with your hand on the side of your forward leg..2.While keeping your elbow braced against the inside of your knee, curl the barbell upward towards your shoulder, then lower it back down with control..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..Biceps Exercise, How to do Landmine Concentration Curl, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Concentration Curl, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the barbell while holding the end of the bar at your side with one hand..2.With the leg on the same side of your body as the barbell, lunge backward and across your body at a 45 degree angle while keeping your weight on your front heel to lower your back knee gently to the ground..3.Drive through your front heel as you step back to the starting position, and repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..How to do Landmine Curtsy Lunge, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Curtsy Lunge, Gluteus Medius Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Glute Kick Back' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on your hands and knees perpendicular to the barbell with the end of the barbell resting on the inside of your knee that is closer to the bar..2.Keeping your core braced, your back flat, and your moving leg bent at a 90 degree angle, drive the heel of your working leg up the ceiling while squeezing your glute..3.Follow the movement path as you bring your knee back down to the ground beneath your hip, keeping your knee bent to maintain control of the barbell..4.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..How to do Landmine Glute Kick Back, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Glute Kick Back, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Goblet Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start facing the barbell while holding the end of the bar in the goblet position in front of your chest with your elbows close to your sides..2.Step backward and across your body with one leg at a 45 degree angle while keeping your weight on your front heel to gently lower your back knee to the ground..3.Drive through your front heel as you step back up and to the starting position..4.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching legs..How to do Landmine Goblet Curtsy Lunge, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Goblet Curtsy Lunge"\n"The 'Landmine Goblet Lateral Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start facing the barbell while holding the end of the bar close to your chest in the goblet position with your elbows tucked in close to your body..2.Step directly out to the side with both toes pointing forward. Keep your weight on the heel of the leg you step out with as you sink down over that foot while your other leg remains straight for balance..3.Drive through the heel over which you have centered your body as you step back to the starting position..4.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..How to do Landmine Goblet Lateral Lunge, How To Do A Landmine Goblet Lateral Lunge, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Hack Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start facing away from the landmine attachment with the end of the barbell resting on one shoulder against the base of your neck while leaning slightly back into the weight of the barbell..2.Squat down with control while keeping the weight of the barbell as close to centered over your midpoint as possible, then drive through your heels to stand all the way back up and return to starting position..3.Repeat for desired number of reps, then switch the side of your body the barbell is on every subsequent set..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Hack Squat, How to do Landmine Hack Squat, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Half Kneeling Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start facing the landmine on one knee with your other foot in front of you while holding the barbell in one hand at your shoulder on the same side as the knee that is on the ground..2.Drive the bar upwards while keeping your elbow pointed forward until your arm holding the bar is fully extending, then control the bar as your lower it back to the starting position..3.Repeat for desired number of reps, then switch sides..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Half Kneeling Single Arm Overhead Press, How to do Landmine Half Kneeling Single Arm Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Hollow Hold' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your legs extended towards the landmine attachment and your arms overhead, holding the landmine barbell with both hands while engaging your core muscles by pressing your lower back into the ground and drawing your belly button in towards your spine..2.Lift your legs off the ground, keeping them together and straight, and simultaneously raise your upper body off the ground, reaching the landmine barbell away from your face..3.Hold this position for the desired duration, then carefully lower the barbell to the ground..How To Do A Landmine Hollow Hold, How to do Landmine Hollow Hold, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Kneeling Alternating Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a kneeling position facing the barbell with one hand holding the end of the barbell at your shoulder with your elbow tucked beneath your wrist..2.Keeping your elbow pointing forward, drive the barbell up overhead until your arm is fully extended and switch the bar to your other hand at the top of the movement..3.Control the descent of the bar to your other shoulder and repeat movement for desired reps, switching hands at the top of each rep..How to do Landmine Kneeling Alternating Overhead Press, How To Do A Landmine Kneeling Alternating Overhead Press, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Kneeling Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start kneeling in front of the landmine, facing towards it, with your knees hip-width apart and your back straight while holding the end of the bar in both hands in front of your chest..2.Push the landmine up overhead by fully extending your arms until the weight is directly over your head. Pause briefly at the top of the movement, then slowly lower the landmine back down to the starting position..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Landmine Kneeling Overhead Press, How To Do A Landmine Kneeling Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Kneeling Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel down facing the landmine with your knees hip-width apart and your back straight. Grasp the landmine barbell with both hands, interlacing your fingers and holding it above and slightly in front of your body..2.Keeping your core engaged and your back straight, twist your torso to one side, rotating your arms and the landmine along with it. Pause briefly at the end of the twist, feeling the contraction in your oblique muscles..3.Slowly rotate back to the starting position, then twist to the opposite side, repeating the same motion..4.Repeat both sides of the rotation for the desired number of reps..Obliques, How to do Landmine Kneeling Twist, How To Do A Landmine Kneeling Twist, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the landmine with your feet shoulder width apart while holding the end of the barbell in your hands with your arms fully extended down towards the ground..2.While keeping your torso tall and core engaged, step directly out to one side, using the foot you have stepped out with to sit down into the lunge while keeping your other leg straight..3.Drive through your heel on your bent leg as your step together to return to the starting position..4.Repeat for desired number of reps on the same side before switching sides..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Lateral Lunge, How to do Landmine Lateral Lunge"\n"The 'Landmine Lateral Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand perpendicularly to the barbell, holding the end of the bar at your outer hip with your inner hand and your palm facing your body..2.While keeping your core braced and your arm straight, lift the barbell diagonally up and towards the direction of the landmine attachment, then return the bar to the starting position..3.Repeat for desired number of reps before switching sides..Shoulder Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Lateral Raise, How to do Landmine Lateral Raise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of the landmine with your feet hip-width apart and your back straight. Grasp the landmine barbell with one hand, holding it at at your side with your palm facing in towards your leg..2.Take a step backward with your foot on the same side that you're holding the barbell, lowering your body into a lunge position. Bend both knees to lower your body down until your front thigh is parallel to the ground, or as low as your flexibility allows. Keep your torso upright, your chest lifted, and your core engaged throughout the movement..3.Push through the heel of your front foot to return to the starting position. Repeat for desired number of reps before switching sides..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Landmine Lunge, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Lunge"\n"The 'Landmine Lunge To Overhead Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the landmine attachment while holding the end of the bar with one hand at your shoulder on the same side with your elbow tucked to your body underneath your wrist..2.Step back with the leg on the same side that you are holding the bar on and with control lower yourself down into a lunge position while keeping your core engaged and torso tall, then drive through your front heel as you step back to the starting position..3.Once your feet are back in the starting position, drive the bar up overhead until your arm is fully extended, then lower the bar back down to the starting position..4.Repeated for the desired number of reps, then switch sides..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Lunge To Overhead Press, How to do Landmine Lunge To Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Lying Tricep Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start lying on your back perpendicularly to the barbell, holding the bar directly over your shoulder with the hand that's closer to the bar with your palm facing down towards your feet..2.While keeping your shoulder steady, bend your elbow and lower the end of the bar back towards your the ground next to your head. Keep your hinging elbow pointed down towards your feet..3.Drive through your palm to extend your elbow and return the bar to the starting position, then repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..How To Do A Landmine Lying Tricep Extension, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How to do Landmine Lying Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Oblique Twist' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the landmine, with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent. Grasp the landmine barbell with both hands, interlacing your fingers and holding it at chest height. Position your arms straight out in front of you, parallel to the floor, with your elbows slightly bent..2.While keeping your core engaged, rotate your torso and the landmine to one side. Twist through your waist, using your oblique muscles to generate the movement. Pivot on the ball of your opposite foot as you rotate away from it..3.Rotate back to the starting position, then perform the same movement in the opposite direction..4.Repeat for the desired number of reps..Obliques, How to do Landmine Oblique Twist, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Oblique Twist"\n"The 'Landmine Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the landmine, holding the end of the bar in both hands with your palms facing each other..2.Extend your arms upward, pressing the end of the bar up overhead. Pause at the top of the movement, then lower the bar with control back to the starting position..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Landmine Overhead Press"\n"The 'Landmine Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of the landmine with your feet hip-width apart and your knees slightly bent. Grasp the landmine barbell with both hands, palms facing each other, and hold it in front of your thighs..2.Keeping your back straight and your core engaged, hinge at the hips and push your hips back, allowing the landmine to travel down your thighs. Lower the landmine by bending forward at the hips while keeping your back flat, allowing the barbell to move closer to the floor. Continue the movement until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings, keeping your legs relatively straight but with a slight bend in the knees..3.Reverse the movement by pushing your hips forward and driving through your heels while keeping your back straight..4.Repeat for the desired number of reps..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Romanian Deadlift, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Landmine Romanian Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Rotational Lift To Press' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, obliques, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand perpendicularly to the barbell with the end of the bar in front of your feet. Squat down and hold the end of the bar with your hand closer to the landmine attachment with your palm facing your body..2.Drive your feet into the ground to start the motion. As your legs fully extend, pull the bar upwards with your hand and start to rotate your torso in towards the landmine attachment. As you do so, bring your other hand up to the bar and switch your grip. Press through the bar to extend your arm all the way upright, pivoting your back foot to allow for more trunk rotation..3.Perform the movement in reverse to return to the starting position. Repeat for desired number of reps before switching sides..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Rotational Lift To Press, How to do Landmine Rotational Lift To Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Russian Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start sitting on the ground facing the landmine attachment, holding the end of the bar in both hands slightly in front of and above your chest while holding your feet off the ground and knees bent..2.Bending your elbows as little as possible and keeping your core tight and feet elevated, lower the end of the bar with control to the ground on one side of your body, then contract your obliques to return the bar to the center. Repeat on the other side..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps..Obliques, How to do Landmine Russian Twist, How To Do A Landmine Russian Twist, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Seated Alternating Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start sitting on the ground facing the landmine attachment with your legs open for stability while holding the end of the bar in a neutral grip with your hand resting at your shoulder and your elbow beneath your wrist..2.Leaning forward slightly, press the bar up into the air until your arm is fully extended. At the top of the movement, switch which hand is holding the end of the bar and lower the bar back down to the opposite shoulder. Perform again to return the bar to the starting position..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Seated Alternating Overhead Press, How to do Landmine Seated Alternating Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Seated Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground facing the landmine with your legs spread. Hold the end of the bar in both hands in front of your chest with your palms facing each other..2.While keeping your torso tall and core brace, drive the end of the bar upward until your arms are fully extended. Lean forward slightly for full range of motion in the shoulder joints. Lower the bar back down to the starting position..3.Repeat for desired number of reps..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Seated Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Landmine Seated Overhead Press"\n"The 'Landmine Seated Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground facing the landmine with your legs spread. Hold the end of the bar in one hand in front of that shoulder with your palm facing across your body..2.While keeping your torso tall and your core braced, drive the bar upwards until your arm is fully extended, leaning forward slightly for full range of motion in the shoulder joint. Lower the bar back down to the starting position with control..3.Repeat for desired number of reps on one side, then switch sides..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Seated Single Arm Overhead Press, How to do Landmine Seated Single Arm Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Single Arm Chest Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Starting lying on your back perpendicularly to the barbell while holding the end of the bar in your hand that is further away from the landmine attachment. Your elbow should be rest on the ground at a 45 to 60 degree angle from your torso, with your wrist stacked over your elbow..2.Drive the end of the bar upwards, squeezing your chest at the top of the movement. Lower the bar back down until your elbow gently touches the ground..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps on one side before switching sides..Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, How to do Landmine Single Arm Chest Press, How To Do A Landmine Single Arm Chest Press"\n"The 'Landmine Single Arm Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of the landmine with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent. Grasp the landmine barbell with one hand, palm facing in, and bring it to shoulder height with your elbow tucked beneath your hand..2.Press the barbell overhead by extending your arm fully, pushing the weight upward. Keep your core engaged, your back straight, and your shoulder down throughout the movement. Pause briefly at the top of the movement with your arm fully extended overhead. Slowly lower the barbell back to the starting position at shoulder height with control..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps on one side before switching sides..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Landmine Single Arm Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Single Arm Overhead Press"\n"The 'Landmine Single Arm Push Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of the landmine with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent. Grasp the landmine barbell with one hand, palm facing in, and bring it to shoulder height with your elbow tucked beneath your hand..2.Dip your body slightly then drive up through the ground to generate momentum as your extend your arm fully upwards. Pause briefly at the top of the rep, then lower the weight back down to the starting position with control..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps on one side before switching sides..Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Single Arm Push Press, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, How to do Landmine Single Arm Push Press"\n"The 'Landmine Single Arm Staggered Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the bar in a split stance with one leg forward and bent and the other back and straight. Hold the bar in the hand on the side of the leg that is back with the end of the bar at your shoulder with your elbow tucked beneath your hand..2.Drive the bar upwards until your arm is fully extended. Pause briefly before lowering the end of the bar back down to the starting position with control..3.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..How to do Landmine Single Arm Staggered Overhead Press, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Single Arm Staggered Overhead Press, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Setup a landmine with your back on a box..2.Lay the end of the bar over your hip..3.Push your hips toward the ceiling until you feel a contraction, then bring your hips back toward the floor..Gluteus Maximus Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Landmine Single Leg Glute Bridge, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Single Leg Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Landmine Single Leg Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, gluteus-maximus, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the end of the landmine and stand perpendicular to the bar..2.Lift your inside leg and keep your outside leg planted..3.Push your hips back keeping your knees mostly extended. When you feel the stretch in your hams, push your hips forward until you are standing upright..Gluteus Maximus Exercise, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Single Leg Romanian Deadlift, Glutes Exercise, Lateral Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Landmine Single Leg Romanian Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Sit Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground and hold the end of the bar with your arms extended..2.Raise your back off the ground until you are sitting at a 90 degree angle..3.Then lower slowly back to the floor..How To Do A Landmine Sit Up, Upper Abdominals Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How to do Landmine Sit Up, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Snatch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the end of the bar in front of you..2.Pop your hips, pull your elbows up to the ceiling, and get underneath the bar..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Snatch, Shoulder Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Landmine Snatch, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Split Jerk' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the bar over one shoulder. Stand with a shoulder width stance..2.Dip at the hips and knees, generate some momentum and press the bar..3.As you press, split your stance. Bring the leg of the working arm back and the other forward..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How to do Landmine Split Jerk, How To Do A Landmine Split Jerk, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, outer-quadricep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the end of the bar in a goblet position..2.Push your hips back and break at the knees..3.Reach at least parallel with the ground before pushing through your heels back to the starting position..How to do Landmine Squat, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Squat, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Staggered Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, gluteus-maximus, lateral-hamstrings' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in a staggered position. With the back leg bent and the front mostly extended..2.Push your hips back until you feel a stretch through your front hamstring..3.Push your hips back forward until you are standing..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Staggered Romanian Deadlift, Lateral Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Landmine Staggered Romanian Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Stationary Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the end of the bar. Start with a shoulder width stance..2.Bring both arms to one side and keep your elbows mostly extended..3.Rotate back and forth and try to resist twisting too much..Obliques, How To Do A Landmine Stationary Twist, How to do Landmine Stationary Twist, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine Sumo Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a wide stance and straddle over the end of the bar..2.Bend at the hips and knees, and grab the bar..3.Stand up with the bar..Gluteus Maximus Exercise, How To Do A Landmine Sumo Deadlift, Butt Exercise, How to do Landmine Sumo Deadlift, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Landmine T Bar Rows' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab a v bar and place it under the bar's collar..2.Hinge forward with a flat back and pull your elbows straight back toward the ceiling..3.Fully extend your elbows before initiating the next rep..Lats Exercise, How to do Landmine T Bar Rows, How To Do A Landmine T Bar Rows"\n"The 'Landmine Thruster' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, anterior-deltoid, outer-quadricep' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the bar with a goblet position..2.Push your hips back and sink into a squat..3.Push through your heels and squat back up. Use the momentum you generate at the legs to push the bar over head..4.Let the bar return to the goblet position before starting the next rep..How To Do A Landmine Thruster, Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Landmine Thruster, Quads Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Lat And Lateral Line Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from the standing position with an upright posture..2.Cross your right leg over the left and raise your right arm over your head..3.Lean towards your left and reach with your right arm as far to the left as possible..4.Repeat on the opposite side by crossing the left leg over the right..5.You can do the same exercise against a wall or by holding onto a pull-up bar..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Lat And Shoulder External Rotation Stretch 1 Kneeling Dowel' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel in front of a bench, placing your elbows on with palms facing up while holding the dowel at shoulder width..2.Sit your hips back onto your heels, pressing the head in between the arms..3.You should feel a stretch in your lats, triceps and deep in the shoulder joint..4.You can add movement (bend-extended arms) to mobilise the shoulder joint..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Lats Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Lat And Shoulder External Rotation Stretch 2 Kneeling Dowel' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel in front of a bench, placing your elbows on with palms facing up while holding the dowel at shoulder width..2.Sit your hips back onto your heels, pressing the head in between the arms..3.You should feel a stretch in your lats, triceps and deep in the shoulder joint..4.You can add movement (bend-extended arms) to mobilise the shoulder joint..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Lats Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Lat And Shoulder External Rotation Stretch 3 Kneeling Dowel' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel in front of a bench, placing your elbows on with palms facing up while holding the dowel at shoulder width..2.Sit your hips back onto your heels, pressing the head in between the arms..3.You should feel a stretch in your lats, triceps and deep in the shoulder joint..4.You can add movement (bend-extended arms) to mobilise the shoulder joint..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Lats Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Lateral Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Engage your core by drawing your belly button towards your spine. This will help to stabilize your body..2.Take a large step to the side with your right foot, planting it firmly on the ground..3.As you step, bend your right knee and lower your hips until your right thigh is parallel to the ground. Your left leg should remain straight..4.Push through your right heel to return to the starting position. Repeat on the opposite side by stepping out with your left foot..Butt Exercise, Glute Medius, Lateral, How To Do A Lateral Lunge, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Mobility, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Lateral Lunge, At Home Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, Lunge"\n"The 'Lats Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place both hands on the wall in front of you..2.Slowly lower your body until you feel the stretch..3.Hold at the bottom of the stretch, return to starting position..How To Do A Lats Stretch Variation One, Fitness Stretch, beginner Stretches exercise, Lats Exercise, How to do Lats Stretch Variation One"\n"The 'Lats Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Find a wall to lean against, lay your tricep against the wall with your hand behind your back..2.Slowly lean into the wall..3.Return to starting position, then switch sides..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Lats Exercise, How To Do A Lats Stretch Variation Three, How to do Lats Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Lats Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up right and raise your hand to a full stretch above your head..2.Slowly lean across your body and trace the opposite hand down your leg..3.Hold at the bottom of the stretch, return to starting position and then switch sides..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Lats Exercise, How To Do A Lats Stretch Variation Two, How to do Lats Stretch Variation Two"\n"The 'Lawnmower Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet staggered and one hand on a bench/box. Hold a dumbbell in the opposing hand..2.Hinge forward at the hips, keeping the back flat, and eyes facing forward. The weight should hang directly below the shoulders..3.Start with an overhand grip, as you pull rotate the dumbbell. When your upper arm reaches your side your palm should be facing forward..row, How To Do A Lawnmower Row, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, biceps, Lats Exercise, lats, How to do Lawnmower Row, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Laying Alternating Leg Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, arms by sides, legs straight..2.Lift one leg to a 45-degree angle..3.Lower leg, lift opposite leg; alternate smoothly..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Laying Bent Leg Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, knees bent, feet flat on the floor..2.Raise both knees towards your chest..3.Lower back down without touching the floor; repeat for desired reps..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Laying Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side on a bench or box. Place one hand on the floor and the other hand is holding the dumbbell..2.While keeping your elbow mostly extended, raise the dumbbell to the side..3.The end of the range of motion is when the dumbbell is pointed toward the ceiling..4.Make sure you don't flex and extend your elbow..How to do Laying Lateral Raise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, beginner Dumbbells exercise, How To Do A Laying Lateral Raise, lateral delt, deltoid, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Laying Leg Raises' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your back with your arms palms down on either side..2.Keep your legs together and as straight as possible..3.Slowly raise your legs to a 90 angle, pause at this position, or as high as you can reach your legs, and then slowly lower your legs back down..4.Duration of these movements should be slow so that you do not utilize momentum, enabling you to get the most out of the exercise..How to do Laying Leg Raises, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How To Do A Laying Leg Raises, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Leg Lowers' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back. Raise your legs but bend your knees.2.Keep a 90 angle at hips and knees. Lower your toes to the ground without bending your knees.3.Make sure you maintain a flat lower back against the ground throughout the movement..Lower Abdominals Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Leg Raised Push Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hands firmly on the ground, directly under shoulders..2.Flatten your back so your entire body is straight, raise one leg off the ground, and slowly lower your body.3.Draw shoulder blades back and down, keeping elbows tucked close to your body.4.Exhale as you push back to the starting position..Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Long Lever Forearm Plank' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a hand plank position and walk your elbows further out until your ears are between your biceps..2.Hold in this position for the allotted amount of time..3.Make sure you keep a flat back for the whole set..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Long Lever Plank' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a hand plank position and walk your hands further out until your ears are between your biceps..2.Hold in this position for the allotted amount of time..3.Make sure you keep a flat back for the whole set..Bodyweight Fitness, advanced exercise, advanced Bodyweight exercise, How to do Long Lever Plank, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How To Do A Long Lever Plank, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Lord Of The Dance' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing tall with your feet hip-width apart..2.Shift your weight onto your left foot and bring your right heel towards your glute..3.Reach your right arm back and grab onto the inside of your right foot or ankle..4.Inhale and lift your right foot away from your glute while extending your left arm forward. Hold for 5-10 breaths before switching sides..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Natarajasana, Yoga Exercises, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, Yoga Pose, Yoga, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Lord Of The Dance, Lord of the Dance, How to do Lord Of The Dance"\n"The 'Machine 45 Degree Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the machine in accordance with your height and sit..2.The balls of your feet should be supporting your weight on the calve block, your heels extended off of it..3.Extend your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary, and pause at the contracted position..4.Slowly return to the starting position. Repeat..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Machine Assisted Chin Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust weight for assistance. Stand on platform, grip handles above shoulder-width. Knees on pad if available..2.Slowly pull up until chin is above the bar. Keep elbows close, core engaged..3.Lower back with control. Pause at bottom. Repeat for reps..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Assisted Narrow Pull Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust weight for assistance. Stand on platform, grip handles above shoulder-width. Knees on pad if available..2.Slowly pull up until chin is above the bar. Keep elbows close, core engaged..3.Lower back with control. Pause at bottom. Repeat for reps..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Assisted Neutral Chin Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust weight for assistance. Stand on platform, grip handles above shoulder-width. Knees on pad if available..2.Slowly pull up until chin is above the bar. Keep elbows close, core engaged..3.Lower back with control. Pause at bottom. Repeat for reps..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Assisted Parallel Bar Dips' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip bars with arms straight, shoulders above hands. Place knees on pad..2.Lower slowly until elbows are at 90 degrees..3.Push back up to start position, extending arms fully..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Assisted Pull Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust weight for assistance. Stand on platform, grip handles above shoulder-width. Knees on pad if available..2.Slowly pull up until chin is above the bar. Keep elbows close, core engaged..3.Lower back with control. Pause at bottom. Repeat for reps..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Belt Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put the belt around your waist and hook the end of the belt onto the machines..2.Stand up to disengage the holding mechanism. Hold the arms while you squat..3.Once you've completed your set, reset the holding mechanism..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Bent Arm Pec Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust seat height so handles align with chest. Put your elbows on the pads..2.Slowly bring pads together in front, keeping tension. Focus on squeezing chest muscles..3.Return pads to starting position with controlled motion. Keep chest up throughout. Repeat for reps..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Bicep Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the seat to fit your height and place your elbows on the elbow pad..2.Grab the handles and flex your elbows..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Cable V Bar Push Downs' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the pulley bar with palms facing down at shoulder width..2.Stand straight with a small forward incline. Keep your upper arms close to your body, and slowly bring the pulley bar down until your arms are fully extended..3.Pause when you are at the contracted position of the motion, then slowly raise the pulley bar back to the starting point..How to do Machine Cable V Bar Push Downs, beginner Machine exercise, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Machine Cable V Bar Push Downs"\n"The 'Machine Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine and grab the handles with an overhand grip..2.Adjust the machine to get the longest range of motion possible..3.Press until your elbows are not extended but not hyperextended..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet under the foot pads and grab the handles with your hands..2.Flex your spine and bring your upper and lower body together..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Dips' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine and grab the handles..2.Press the handles down until your elbows are nearly extended..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Donkey Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the machine to fit your height. Place your elbows on the pad, grab the handles. The vertical pad should be resting on your lower back..2.Raise your heels toward the ceiling..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Machine Glute Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the handles, place one knee on the pad, and the foot of the working leg on the foot plate..2.Push your working leg back until you feel your glute contract, then return to the starting position without resting the weights..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Goblet Sissy Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the sissy squat pad just behind the knees and the front pad all the way up against your ankles..2.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..3.Sit straight back into a squat. Then push your calves into the back of the pad and extend your knees back to the original position..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hack Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position yourself in the hack squat machine with your back against the pad and shoulders under the shoulder pads..2.Place feet shoulder-width apart on the platform. Keep your back straight, and slowly lower into a squat position..3.Press through your heels to return to the starting position, keeping your core engaged. Repeat for desired reps and sets..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay down on the machine, placing your legs beneath the padded lever. Position your legs so that the padded lever is below your calve muscles..2.Support yourself by grabbing the side handles of the machine, and slowly raise the weight with your legs, toes pointed straight..3.Pause at the apex of the motion, then slowly return to starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Machine Hamstring Curl, Leg Exercise, beginner Machine exercise, Hamstring Exercise, How To Do A Machine Hamstring Curl"\n"The 'Machine Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust machine settings to fit your height. Sit with back flat against pad, legs together..2.Slowly press legs apart against resistance. Pause at peak..3.Slowly return legs to starting position. Repeat for desired reps..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hip Adduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit in the machine with your legs apart, pads against your outer thighs. Adjust the seat and pad position comfortably..2.Slowly squeeze your legs together, focusing on using your inner thigh muscles. Pause when the pads are close together..3.Slowly return to the starting position, maintaining control. Avoid letting the weights slam. Repeat for desired reps and sets..Quads Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hip And Glute Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the platform and set the pad just over the opposing hip of the working leg..2.Place the working leg over the pad..3.Press your leg outward. Aim to get the longest range of motion possible..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hip And Glute Adduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'inner-thigh' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the platform and set the pad just over the hip of the working leg..2.Place the working leg over the pad..3.Press your leg inward. Aim to get the longest range of motion possible..Quads Exercise, Inner Thigh Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hip And Glute Kickback' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on the platform and sideways on the machine..2.Place the pad at just above hip height. Place the working leg over the pad..3.Extend the working leg backwards and flex your glute at the end of each rep..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the machine for your height, sit with your back against the pad, knees bent, feet flat on the platform..2.Brace your core, push through your heels, and extend your hips upwards, lifting the weight while squeezing your glutes..3.Lower the weight slowly back to the starting position, ensuring controlled movement; repeat for desired reps and sets..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Horizontal Leg Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your legs on the platform with your feet at shoulder width..2.Release the weight and extend your legs fully, without locking your knees..3.Lower the weight until your legs are at a 90 angle (but DO NOT allow your butt and lower back to rise off of the pad. This will put your lower back in a rounded position, which is very dangerous.).4.Raise the weight back to starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Horizontal Leg Press Calf Jump' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with your feet shoulder-width apart and your knees slightly bent..2.Shift your weight onto the balls of your feet and raise stay flat footed. Using your calf muscles, mimic a jumping motion but don't leave the platform..3.Explode onto your toes and hold for a second..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Horizontal Leg Press Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the machine in accordance with your height..2.The balls of your feet should be supporting your weight on the bottom of the platform, your heels extending off of it..3.Extend your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary, and pause at the contracted position..4.Slowly return to the starting position. Repeat..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Horizontal Sissy Leg Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet at the bottom the platform at shoulder width. Lift your heels up..2.Press against the platform and extend your legs fully, without locking your knees..3.Lower the weight until your legs are at a 90 angle (but DO NOT allow your butt and lower back to rise off of the pad. This will put your lower back in a rounded position, which is very dangerous.).4.Raise the weight back to starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Leg Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine with your back against the cushion and adjust the machine you are using so that your knees are at a 90 degree angle at the starting position..2.Raise the weight by extending your knees outward, then lower your leg to the starting position. Both movements should be done in a slow, controlled motion..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Machine exercise, How to do Machine Leg Extension, Quads Exercise, How To Do A Machine Leg Extension"\n"The 'Machine Leg Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your legs on the platform with your feet at shoulder width..2.Release the weight and extend your legs fully, without locking your knees..3.Lower the weight until your legs are at a 90 angle (but DO NOT allow your butt and lower back to rise off of the pad. This will put your lower back in a rounded position, which is very dangerous.).4.Raise the weight back to starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Machine exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Machine Leg Press, How To Do A Machine Leg Press"\n"The 'Machine Neutral Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine, feet flat, and grab the handles with palms facing each other, keeping your back straight..2.Pull handles towards your lower abdomen, squeezing your shoulder blades together. Keep elbows close to your body..3.Slowly return to the starting position, fully extending your arms without locking elbows. Repeat for desired reps..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the pad to suit your height..2.Grab the v bar (or other attachment) and extend your elbows until they are almost fully extended..3.Flex your elbows and look to feel a stretch at the bottom of each rep..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Pec Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust seat height so handles align with chest. Sit and grip handles with elbows slightly bent..2.Slowly bring handles together in front, keeping tension. Focus on squeezing chest muscles..3.Return handles to starting position with controlled motion. Keep chest up throughout. Repeat for reps..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Pendulum Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position yourself in the pendulum squat machine with your back against the pad and shoulders under the shoulder pads..2.Place feet shoulder-width apart on the platform. Keep your back straight, and slowly lower into a squat position..3.Press through your heels to return to the starting position, keeping your core engaged. Repeat for desired reps and sets..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Calf Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine and press your back into the back pad..2.Place the balls of your feet on the edge of the foot plate..3.Let your heels lower until you feel a stretch in your calves, then press back up until you feel a contraction..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet under the foot pads and grab the handles with your hands..2.Flex your spine and bring your upper and lower body together..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Decline Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the seat pad to match your height..2.Press the weight forward until your elbows are nearly extended. Return to the starting position with out letting the weight rest at the bottom until finishing your set..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the machine for your height, sit with your back against the pad, knees bent, feet flat on the platform..2.Brace your core, push through your heels, and extend your hips upwards, lifting the weight while squeezing your glutes..3.Lower the weight slowly back to the starting position, ensuring controlled movement; repeat for desired reps and sets..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Incline Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the seat pad to match your height..2.Press the weight forward until your elbows are nearly extended. Return to the starting position with out letting the weight rest at the bottom until finishing your set..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Kneeling Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay down on the machine, placing your working leg beneath the padded lever. Position your leg so that the padded lever is below your calve muscle..2.Support yourself by grabbing the side handles of the machine, and slowly raise the weight with your legs..3.Pause at the apex of the motion, then slowly return to starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Leg Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine with your back against the cushion and adjust the machine you are using so that your knees are at a 90 degree angle at the starting position..2.Raise the weight by extending your knees outward, then lower your leg to the starting position. Both movements should be done in a slow, controlled motion..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Low Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the seat pad to match your height..2.Press the weight forward until your elbows are nearly extended. Return to the starting position with out letting the weight rest at the bottom until finishing your set..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Machine Plate Loaded Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the handles with the palms facing down..2.Sit on the machine and press your knees into the knee pad..3.Pull the handles until your upper arm is even with your torso, or just behind your torso..4.Extend until your elbows are fully extended before initiating the next rep..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip the bar with the palms facing forward, your hands need to be spaced out at a distance wider than shoulder width..2.As you have both arms extended in front of you holding the bar, bring your torso back around 30 degrees while sticking your chest out..3.Pull the bar down to about chin level or a little lower in a smooth movement whilst squeezing the shoulder blades together..4.After a second of squeezing, slowly raise the bar back to the starting position when your arms are fully extended..How To Perform The Pulldown.Setup.First, adjust the thigh pad to a position that works well with your height. You should be able to put your legs under the thigh pad fully, but it should be low enough to keep you glued to the chair..There are several grips you can use on a pull down.  In our demo video, we are doing a wide grip overhand pull down, so these instructions will be for that variation in particular..Take an overhand grip just outside the part of the bar that bends downward. You can either use a thumbed or thumbless grip..Hold on tight to the weight and sit straight down throwing your legs underneath the thigh pad. .Performing.Before you start the rep, make sure your elbows are in a fully extended position. Your ears should be between your biceps. As you initiate the pull, lean back slightly. Imagine you are trying to pull your elbows in toward your rib cage, and not just downward. The bar should land between your collarbone and nipple line. .Once you have tapped your chest begin the eccentric. Control the weight on the way back up. The rep will end with your elbows returning to their fully extended position..Be careful about cheating on this exercise. It is very easy (and very common) to use momentum on this exercise. If you are using some body English and jerking the weight to get it from point A to point B and the weight is too heavy. Try going lighter and controlling during both the concentric and eccentric..beginner Machine exercise, How To Do A Machine Pulldown, Lats Exercise, How to do Machine Pulldown"\n"The 'Machine Reverse Hyperextension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on the pad and grab the handles..2.Slip your legs into the belt loop..3.Push your legs back until they are horizontal with the ground..4.Lower back to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Roll Outs' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the Ab Roller with both hands and kneel on the floor with your feet up and crossed..2.Slowly roll the ab roller straight forward, stretching your body into a straight position..3.After a pause at the stretched position, start pulling yourself back to the starting position. This should be a slow and controlled movement..intermediate Machine exercise, How to do Machine Roll Outs, How To Do A Machine Roll Outs, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Seated Cable Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit with your back straight on the machine and grip the handles..2.Pull the handles back using your arms. Your legs and torso should be at a 90 angle. Push out your chest..3.Pull the handles towards your body until your hands are beside your abdomen..How To Do A Machine Seated Cable Row, Lats Exercise, beginner Machine exercise, How to do Machine Seated Cable Row"\n"The 'Machine Seated Calf Raises' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get comfortable on the machine, then place your lower thighs beneath the padded lever. Place your toes and the balls of your feet onto the foot supports..2.Prevent the weight from slipping forward by gripping the handles, and release the safety bar. Lower the weight until your calves are extended..3.Push your heels up to lift the padded lever and hold the contracted position, then slowly lower back down to the starting position. Repeat..Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, beginner Machine exercise, Calves, How To Do A Machine Seated Calf Raises, How to do Machine Seated Calf Raises"\n"The 'Machine Seated Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the back pad and ankle pad to suit your height..2.Disengage the knee pad and lower it as far as you can..3.Flex your knees against resistance, then extend until you feel a stretch in your hamstrings..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Seated Leg Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit back in the seat. Use the two handles to push yourself back into the chair..2.Flex your ankles and point your toes upward..3.Flex your knee bringing the pad backward, extend your knee without allowing the weight to touch back down..Medial Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Seated Plate Loaded Preacher Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit at the bench and rest the back of your arms on the preacher bench..2.Grab the handles. Curl the weight up until your elbows are fully flexed..3.Lower until the point just before the weight rests at the bottom..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Seated Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Have a seat on the machine, and grab each handle..2.Pull your shoulder blades straight up toward the ceiling..Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Single Leg Leg Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.This particular leg press has two separate foot plates. There are holding pins on both sides. Engage the pin on one side..2.Lower the weight but stop before your lower back begins to round..3.Press back to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Sissy Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the sissy squat pad just behind the knees and the front pad all the way up against your ankles..2.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..3.Sit straight back into a squat. Then push your calves into the back of the pad and extend your knees back to the original position..Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Squat Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your legs on the platform with your feet at shoulder width..2.Release the weight and extend your legs fully, without locking your knees..3.Lower the weight until your legs are at a 90 angle (but DO NOT allow your butt and lower back to rise off of the pad. This will put your lower back in a rounded position, which is very dangerous.).4.Raise the weight back to starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Standing Calf Raises' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the machine in accordance with your height and place your shoulders underneath the padded lever..2.The balls of your feet should be supporting your weight on the calve block, your heels extending off of it..3.Extend your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary, and pause at the contracted position..4.Slowly return to the starting position. Repeat..How To Use The Standing Calve Raise Machine.Setup.Adjust the height of the shoulder pads to where you have to do a miniature squat to get the weight in position to begin the set. This will help you get a longer range of motion..Place the balls of your feet on the edge of the platform and perform your mini squat to start the set..Performing The Standing Calve Raise.Let the weight fully flex your ankles and look for what feels like a stretch in your calves at the bottom of each rep. Spend an extra second in this stretched position. There is some indication that stretching a muscle while under a load is great for muscle growth..Then initiate the concentric. Extend your ankles to the degree that your range of motion allows for. Imagine you have a string on both heels being pulled directly up toward the ceiling. When you have gone high enough, you should feel your calves contract hard. Spend an extra second in this contracted position before beginning the eccentric..How to do Machine Standing Calf Raises, beginner Machine exercise, How To Do A Machine Standing Calf Raises, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Machine Standing Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Press yourself into the pads and put your calves against the lower pads..2.Flex your knee until you feel a contraction in your hamstring, then lower back to the start..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Standing Plate Loaded Preacher Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Rest the back of your arms on the preacher bench..2.Grab the handles. Curl the weight up until your elbows are fully flexed..3.Lower until the point just before the weight rests at the bottom..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Standing Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab both handles and stand upright. Make sure you keep a flat back while lifting to the starting position..2.Pull your shoulder blades straight up toward the ceiling..Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Tricep Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine and place the back of your upper arm on the bench..2.Extend your elbows until you feel a contraction in your triceps..3.Bring the weight back to the starting position..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Machine Underhand Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lats' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine, feet flat, and grab the handles with palms facing up, keeping your back straight..2.Pull handles towards your lower abdomen, squeezing your shoulder blades together. Keep elbows close to your body..3.Slowly return to the starting position, fully extending your arms without locking elbows. Repeat for desired reps..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Ball Headlock Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, outer-quadricep' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, holding medicine ball close..2.Squat down, keeping ball close to head and chest..3.Stand back up, squeezing glutes. Repeat for desired reps..How to do Ball Headlock Squat, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Ball Headlock Squat, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Ball Offset Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at one shoulder, feet shoulder-width apart..2.Squat down, keeping ball on same side throughout movement..3.Stand back up, squeezing glutes. Repeat on other side..Quad Exercise, Gluteus Maximus Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Ball Offset Squat, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Ball Offset Squat"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Chest Press Partner Toss' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall, partner tosses medicine ball to chest..2.Catch ball and press it back to partner. Repeat..Pecs, Mid and Lower Chest Exercise, How To Do A Chest Press Partner Toss, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, How to do Chest Press Partner Toss"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Chest Press Slam' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest, feet shoulder-width apart..2.Extend arms forward, slamming ball to the ground..3.Catch the ball on the rebound and repeat for reps..Pec Exercise, Pecs, Mid and Lower Chest Exercise, How To Do A Chest Press Slam, Chest Exercise, How to do Chest Press Slam"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Chest Press Toss' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a wall holding a medicine ball..2.Press the ball forward, extending arms and tossing it..3.Catch the ball and return to the starting position..How to do Chest Press Toss, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Chest Press Toss, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Clean And Press Slam' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, anterior-deltoid, outer-quadricep' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the medicine ball with an overhand grip..2.Lift the ball explosively, clean it to shoulder height..3.Press the ball overhead, then slam it to the ground..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Clean And Press Slam, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Clean And Press Slam"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Dead Bug' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, place a medicine ball between your extended arms and bent knees..2.Lower opposite arm and leg to floor, keeping back pressed against ground and medicine ball in place..3.Alternate sides, maintain core engagement, and repeat for desired reps or time..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Half Kneeling Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel with one knee down, holding a medicine ball..2.Rotate torso and until the medicine ball is pointed the opposite direction..3.Repeat the movement on the other side..Obliques, How To Do A Half Kneeling Wood Chopper, Obliques Exercise, How to do Half Kneeling Wood Chopper, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Halo' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, hold a medicine ball..2.Circle the ball around your head, maintaining control..3.Complete the desired number of repetitions in both directions..How To Do A Halo, How to do Halo, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Hip Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'gluteus-medius' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with a medicine ball held against one hip..2.Lift the leg on the opposite side laterally..3.Lower the leg and repeat on the other side..Glutes Exercise, How to do Hip Abduction, How To Do A Hip Abduction, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Hollow Hold' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, holding a medicine ball overhead..2.Lift your shoulders and legs off the ground, engaging core..3.Hold the position while maintaining stability..How To Do A Hollow Hold, How to do Hollow Hold, Lower Abdominals Exercise, Upper Abdominals Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Kneeling Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel, holding a medicine ball..2.Rotate torso and slam the ball diagonally down and across..3.Repeat the movement on the other side..Obliques, How to do Kneeling Wood Chopper, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, How To Do A Kneeling Wood Chopper"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Lateral Lunge Slam' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, gluteus-medius, outer-quadricep' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, holding a medicine ball..2.Step laterally, performing a lunge, then slam the ball..3.Return to the starting position and repeat on the other side..Butt Exercise, How to do Lateral Lunge Slam, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Lateral Lunge Slam, Gluteus Medius Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Overhead Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball overhead..2.Step back into lunge position..3.Return to starting position. Repeat on other leg..How To Do A Overhead Reverse Lunge, Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Overhead Reverse Lunge, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Overhead Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball overhead..2.Squat down, keeping back straight..3.Stand back up. Repeat for desired reps..Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Overhead Squat, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, How to do Overhead Squat, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Partner Side Toss' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing partner, side by side..2.Toss medicine ball to partner's side..3.Catch and repeat toss on other side..Obliques, How to do Partner Side Toss, How To Do A Partner Side Toss, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Partner Situp Toss' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie facing partner, knees bent..2.Sit up, toss medicine ball to partner..3.Catch and lower down. Repeat for desired reps..How To Do A Partner Situp Toss, Upper Abdominals Exercise, How to do Partner Situp Toss, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place forearms on medicine ball, extend legs..2.Maintain straight body position for desired time..Lower Abdominals Exercise, Upper Abdominals Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, How to do Plank, Abdominal Exercise, How To Do A Plank, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Press Jack' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'gluteus-medius, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest..2.Jump, extending arms overhead..3.Return to starting position. Repeat for desired reps..How to do Press Jack, How To Do A Press Jack, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place hands on medicine ball, in push-up position..2.Perform push-up, maintaining proper form..How To Do A Pushup, Pec Exercise, Arm Exercise, Pecs, Mid and Lower Chest Exercise, How to do Pushup, Triceps Exercise, Chest Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Rainbow Slam' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lift medicine ball overhead..2.Slam ball down to one side..3.Catch and repeat slam to the other side..Obliques, How to do Rainbow Slam, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Rainbow Slam, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest..2.Step back into lunge position..3.Return to starting position. Repeat on other leg..Gluteus Maximus Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, How To Do A Reverse Lunge, Quads Exercise, How to do Reverse Lunge"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Reverse Lunge Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest..2.Step back into lunge position, extend your arms, twist torso..3.Return to starting position. Repeat on other leg..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, Outer Quadricep Exercise, How to do Reverse Lunge Twist, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Reverse Lunge Twist, Butt Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Russian Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit with knees bent, feet off ground..2.Twist torso side to side, touching medicine ball to ground..How To Do A Russian Twist, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, How to do Russian Twist"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Self Toss' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid, outer-quadricep' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Toss medicine ball up, catch with both hands..2.Repeat toss and catch for desired reps..How To Do A Self Toss, Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Self Toss"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Single Leg Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball while standing on one leg..2.Hinge forward on one leg, extending other leg behind..3.Return to starting position. Repeat on other leg..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Single Leg Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise, How To Do A Single Leg Deadlift"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Slam' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lift medicine ball overhead..2.Slam ball down to ground with force..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How To Do A Slam, How to do Slam, Abs Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Upper Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Squat Reach' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest..2.Squat down, reach ball to one side..3.Stand up and repeat reach on other side..Outer Quadricep Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Inner Quadriceps Exercise, How To Do A Squat Reach, Quads Exercise, How to do Squat Reach"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Walkover Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one hand on medicine ball, other on ground..2.Perform push-up, walking hands to switch positions..How To Do A Walkover Pushup, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Mid and Lower Chest Exercise, How to do Walkover Pushup, Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Wall Ball' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball at chest, facing wall..2.Squat down, then throw ball at wall..3.Catch and repeat for desired reps..How to do Wall Ball, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Wall Ball, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball with both hands and arms extended..2.Swing ball diagonally across body, engaging core..Obliques, How to do Wood Chopper, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, How To Do A Wood Chopper"\n"The 'Medicine Ball Wood Chopper Toss' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'medicine-ball'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand sideways next to a wall..2.Swing medicine ball across your body and toss off the wall..3.Catch and repeat toss on the other side..Obliques, How to do Wood Chopper Toss, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Wood Chopper Toss, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Monkey Pose' is a 'Advanced' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a low lunge with your right foot forward and your left knee on the ground..2.Slowly slide your left knee back while extending your right leg forward, keeping both legs straight..3.Lower your body down to the ground, using your hands for support if needed..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, then switch sides and repeat..How to do Monkey Pose, advanced Yoga exercise, Monkey Pose, Yoga, advanced exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Hanumanasana, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How To Do A Monkey Pose, Quads Exercise, Splits, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Mountain' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with your feet hip-width apart and your arms at your sides..2.Press your feet into the ground and engage your leg muscles..3.Lift your chest and roll your shoulders back and down..4.Take a deep breath in, and as you exhale, release any tension in your body and relax your muscles..How To Do A Mountain, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Pec Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Mountain, Pecs, Mountain Pose, Tadasana, Chest Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Mountain Climber' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.To perform a bodyweight mountain climber, start in a plank position with your hands placed directly under your shoulders..2.Bring your right knee towards your chest, keeping your foot close to your hand. Quickly switch legs, bringing your left knee towards your chest..3.Continue this movement, alternating legs, at a quick pace for a set amount of time or repetitions..At Home, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight, At Home Exercise, Abs, How To Do A Mountain Climber, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Mountain Climber, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Narrow Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the Straight Bar attachment..2.Hold the attachment as you sit on the machine and put your legs under the leg pads..3.Pull the bar to your clavicle, then raise back up until your arm are extended..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Neutral Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine and grab the handles with a neutral grip..2.Adjust the machine to get the longest range of motion possible..3.Press until your elbows are not extended but not hyperextended..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Neutral Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the V Bar attachment..2.Hold the attachment as you sit on the machine and put your legs under the leg pads..3.Pull the bar to your clavicle, then raise back up until your arm are extended..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Nordic Hamstring Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Go to your knees and ask someone to hold your ankles..2.Put your hands in front of you.3.With a slight bend in your knees slowly bring your body to the ground (slower is better).4.Push up and reset to the starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, advanced exercise, At Home Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, How To Do A Nordic Hamstring Curl, Bodyweight Fitness, How to do Nordic Hamstring Curl, advanced Bodyweight exercise"\n"The 'Oblique Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your side, knees bent, hands behind head..2.Bring your elbow towards your knees and flex your obliques..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Oblique Jackknife' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your side, legs straight, hand behind head..2.Lift both legs and upper body simultaneously..3.Squeeze obliques, then lower back down. Repeat on both sides..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'One Arm Cow Face Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs extended in front of you..2.Bend your left knee and place your left foot on the floor, close to your right hip..3.Cross your right leg over your left leg, stacking your knees on top of each other..4.Bring your left arm up overhead, and bend your elbow so that your left hand reaches towards your upper back. Reach your right hand behind your back and try to clasp your left hand. Hold.beginner Yoga exercise, Tricep Exercise, Yoga, How to do One Arm Cow Face Pose, How To Do A One Arm Cow Face Pose, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, Gomukhasana, Triceps Exercise, Yoga Fitness, Cow Face Pose"\n"The 'Parallel Bar Dips' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grip bars with arms straight, shoulders above hands. Keep legs straight or bent..2.Lower slowly until elbows are at 90 degrees..3.Push back up to start position, extending arms fully..Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Pigeon Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Extend your right leg behind you and place your right ankle on top of your left thigh, with your right knee pointing out to the side..2.Sitting up straight, use your hands to gently press down on your right knee while at the same time pulling your left buttock back..3.Hold for 5-10 deep breaths, then release and repeat on the other side..How To Do A Pigeon Pose, How to do Pigeon Pose, Glutes Exercise, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, Pigeon Pose, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Kapotanasana, Yoga"\n"The 'Plank IYTW' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position. Hold one dumbbell..2.Raise the dumbbell straight out in front of you (I), at a 45 degree angle (Y), out to the side (T), and then bend at the elbow while raising (W)..3.Going through IYTW counts as one rep..4.Make sure to keep your hips stable. If you're unable to, try performing this exercise from the knees..plank, abs, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, How to do Plank IYTW, How To Do A Plank IYTW, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Plank Saw' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Support your weight on forearms and toes..2.Ensure you maintain a neutral lower back (do not poke the bum into the air)..3.Point your toes to push your bodyweight forward then drive the elbows into the ground to push your bodyweight back..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Bicep Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet shoulder-width apart, holding a weight plate with both hands. For a standard two-hand curl, grasp the plate by its sides, with your palms facing towards you or slightly angled. Your arms should be fully extended, and the plate should rest against your thighs.2.Keeping your elbows tucked close to your body and your upper arms stationary, slowly curl the plate upward towards your chest, exhaling as you lift. Focus on contracting your biceps.3.Continue curling until your wrists are slightly higher than your elbows or the plate is close to your shoulders. Pause briefly at the top to feel the full contraction.4.Slowly lower the plate back down to the starting position with control, inhaling as you extend your arms fully. Avoid letting the weight drop quickly.5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.Biceps Exercise, beginner Plate exercise, Plate Exercise, How to do Plate Bicep Curl, How To Do A Plate Bicep Curl, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Car Driver' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Inhale and brace your abdominals.2.Raise the arms vertically while keeping the elbows slightly bent.3.Once the arms are parallel with the floor, rotate the plate clockwise and counterclockwise..4.Lower the plate back to the starting position..How To Do A Plate Car Driver, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How to do Plate Car Driver, beginner Plate exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Clean' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate in front of the feet..2.Bend the knees and hips to pick up the plate, keeping the back straight and core engaged..3.Stand up while pulling the plate towards the chest..4.Keep shoulder level while keeping the elbows high and in front of the plate..How to do Plate Clean, Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Plate Clean"\n"The 'Plate Clean And Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate in front of the feet..2.Bend the knees and hips to pick up the plate, keeping the back straight and core engaged..3.Stand up, lock the hips and legs, and press the plate overhead with straight arms..4.Lower the plate back to the starting position, keeping control of it, and repeat for desired reps..How To Do A Plate Clean And Press, Butt Exercise, How to do Plate Clean And Press, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Curl To Overhead Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate in front of the torso, palms facing forward..2.Curl the plate up to the front of the shoulder while keeping the elbows close to the body..3.Rotate the palms to face forward and press the plate overhead, locking out the arms..4.Lower the plate back to the starting position, keeping control of it, and repeat for desired reps..Biceps Exercise, How to do Plate Curl To Overhead Press, Plate Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, How To Do A Plate Curl To Overhead Press"\n"The 'Plate Curl To Overhead Press To Tricep Extension' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, triceps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate in front of the torso, palms facing forward..2.Curl the plate up to the front of the shoulder while keeping the elbows close to the body..3.Rotate the palms to face forward and press the plate overhead, locking out the arms..4.Lower the plate back behind the head to the starting position of a tricep extension..5.Push the plate back up overhead, then lower it back to the starting position and repeat for desired reps..Biceps Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How to do Plate Curl To Overhead Press To Tricep Extension, Plate Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Plate exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, How To Do A Plate Curl To Overhead Press To Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-medius, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate in front of the torso..2.Step back and across the body with the right foot, bending both legs to lower into a lunge position..3.Push through the front foot to return to the starting position..4.Repeat on the other side by stepping back and across with the left foot..5.Continue alternating sides for desired reps..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Plate Curtsy Lunge, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Plate Curtsy Lunge"\n"The 'Plate Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, the plate in front of the feet, and the knees slightly bent..2.Bend the hips and knees to grip the plate with palms facing the body..3.Keeping the back straight, stand up while lifting the plate off the ground..4.Return the plate back to the starting position by bending the hips and knees, keeping control of the plate..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Plate Deadlift, How to do Plate Deadlift, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Deficit Lunge' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a plate with both feet..2.Step back with one foot to the floor and let your back knee get close to or tap the floor..3.Push through your front leg until both feet are back on the plate..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, advanced Plate exercise, lunge, Glutes Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Plate Deficit Lunge, How To Do A Plate Deficit Lunge, advanced exercise, quads, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise, glutes, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Deficit Pushup' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a pushup position with both hands on a plate. This will extend your range of motion..2.Break at the elbows and shoulders until your upper arm travels behind the body slightly..3.Then press back into the original position..pushup, Pecs, advanced Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Deficit Pushup, chest, advanced exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Plate Exercise, pecs, How to do Plate Deficit Pushup"\n"The 'Plate Forward Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart and the plate held in front of the torso..2.Take a step forward with one foot, bending the front knee to lower the hips into a lunge..3.Push through the front foot to return to the starting position..4.Repeat on the other side by stepping forward with the other foot..beginner Plate exercise, Plate Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Plate Forward Lunge, How to do Plate Forward Lunge, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Front Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate in front of the torso, palms facing the thighs..2.Keeping the elbows slightly bent, lift the plate up to the front of the body..3.Raise the plate up until the arms are fully extended, maintaining control of the plate..4.Lower the plate back to the starting position and repeat for desired reps..How to do Plate Front Raise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Plate Front Raise, beginner Plate exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Full Lateral Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall holding two plates at your side..2.Lateral raise the plates to your side and continue until the plates are pointed at the ceiling..3.Let your shoulder joint naturally rotate. At the bottom you should have a neutral or overhand grip. By the time the plates are overhead, your palms should be facing forward..How To Do A Plate Full Lateral Raise, How to do Plate Full Lateral Raise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, deltoid, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, lateral delt, intermediate Plate exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Glute Bridge to Chest Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with a plate on your chest..2.Push your hips up toward the ceiling and maintain that extended position..3.With your hips up, press the plate toward the ceiling..Pecs, How To Do A Plate Glute Bridge to Chest Press, Pec Exercise, chest press, Plate Exercise, Chest Exercise, glute, combination exercise, How to do Plate Glute Bridge to Chest Press, beginner Plate exercise"\n"The 'Plate Glute Bridge to Pullover' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with a plate on your chest..2.Push your hips up toward the ceiling and maintain that extended position..3.Extend your elbows mostly, break at the shoulder joint while maintaining hip extension and the slight bend in your elbows..4.Let the plate tap the floor (or get close) and then pull the plate back into the starting position..How To Do A Plate Glute Bridge to Pullover, How to do Plate Glute Bridge to Pullover, Plate Exercise, Lats Exercise, beginner Plate exercise"\n"The 'Plate Goblet Deficit Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on a platform, Holding a plate to your chest, feet hip-width apart..2.Step back, lowering knee toward floor, keeping chest upright and core engaged..3.Push through front foot, return to start..Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Good Morning' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, the plate held behind the neck and the knees slightly bent..2.Bend forward at the hips, keeping the back straight, until the torso is parallel to the floor..3.Push through the hips to return to the starting position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Plate Good Morning, How to do Plate Good Morning, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Good Morning Anterior' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, the plate held in front of you, and the knees slightly bent..2.Bend forward at the hips, keeping the back straight, until the torso is parallel to the floor..3.Push through the hips to return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Good Morning Anterior, Glute Exercise, How to do Plate Good Morning Anterior, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Halo' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and the plate held in front of your face with both hands, palms facing each other..2.Rotate the plate around the head, keeping the arms extended and moving the plate in a circular motion..3.Complete one full circle, then reverse the direction to complete another circle..beginner Plate exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Plate Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, How to do Plate Halo, How To Do A Plate Halo, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Hollow Hold' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground with your arms extended over head holding a weight plate..2.Pick your upper back and your legs off the ground. Your body should be in a banana shape..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, advanced Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Hollow Hold, hollow hold, Abs Exercise, abs, advanced exercise, Abdominals Exercise, How to do Plate Hollow Hold, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Internally Rotated Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.With plates in either hand, bend your knees with your feet slightly bowed out. Hinge forward with a flat back..2.Maintain an overhand grip and internally rotated shoulders..3.Raise your arms backward toward the ceiling while maintaining a light band in your elbows..Traps (mid-back) Exercise, How To Do A Plate Internally Rotated Rear Delt Fly, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, posterior delts, Shoulder Exercise, Mid Back Exercise, rear delts, How to do Plate Internally Rotated Rear Delt Fly, Shoulders Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Lateral Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart and the plate held in front of the torso..2.Take a step to the side with one foot, bending the knee and lowering the hips into a lunge..3.Push through the front foot to return to the starting position..4.Repeat on the other side by stepping to the other side with the other foot..beginner Plate exercise, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Plate Lateral Lunge, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Plate Lateral Lunge"\n"The 'Plate Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and grip two plates in each hand at your sides..2.Keeping your arms straight, raise the plates out to your sides until they are in line with your shoulders..3.Lower the plates back to your sides with control. Repeat for desired number of reps..How to do Plate Lateral Raise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A Plate Lateral Raise, deltoid, Plate Exercise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, lateral delt, Shoulders Exercise, beginner Plate exercise"\n"The 'Plate Overhead Carry' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'traps, abdominals, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing upright with your feet shoulder-width apart. Hold a single weight plate overhead with both hands, keeping your arms extended straight above your head..2.Begin walking forward, taking slow and steady steps while maintaining a straight line. Your focus should be on maintaining balance and control of the weight plate overhead..3.As you walk, continue to keep your arms extended and the weight plate overhead. Try to maintain good posture and avoid leaning forward or backward, as this could result in losing control of the weight plate..4.Continue walking for a set distance or for a certain amount of time, keeping your focus on proper form and technique. When finished, return to the starting position and repeat as desired..How to do Plate Overhead Carry, beginner Plate exercise, shoulders, Trapezius Exercise, Plate Exercise, How To Do A Plate Overhead Carry, walking, Traps Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, core, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Overhead Press To Tricep Extension' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Brace your core and press the weight plate overhead until your arms are fully extended. Keep your shoulders down and back..2.While your arms are fully extended, lower the weight behind your head to perform the extension.3.After completing the extension, lower the weight to your chest, and perform the overhead press. Repeat.Plate Exercise, How to do Plate Overhead Press To Tricep Extension, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Plate Overhead Press To Tricep Extension, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Overhead Shrug' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with a weight plate overhead..2.Elevated and depress your scapula..3.Avoid leaning forward or backwards to keep pressure off of your lumbar spine..Trapezius Exercise, Plate Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Plate exercise, Traps Exercise, shrugs, How To Do A Plate Overhead Shrug, traps, How to do Plate Overhead Shrug"\n"The 'Plate Overhead Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a weight plate at arm's length overhead, with your arms fully extended. The plate should be directly above your head and your elbows should be locked..2.Begin to bend your knees, lowering your body as far as you can while keeping the weight plate overhead. Make sure to keep your back straight and your chest lifted..3.Once your thighs are parallel to the ground or as low as you can go, pause for a moment..4.Push through your heels to return to a standing position, keeping the weight plate overhead the entire time..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Plate Overhead Squat, How To Do A Plate Overhead Squat, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Overhead Tricep Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand or sit with a weight plate in your hands, arms extended straight above your head.2.Lower the weight plate behind your head by bending at the elbows..3.Keep your elbows close to your head and shoulders relaxed..4.Push the weight plate back up to starting position, extending your arms fully..beginner Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Overhead Tricep Extension, Plate Exercise, Arm Exercise, How to do Plate Overhead Tricep Extension, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Overhead Walking Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with a plate overhead..2.Step with one foot forward bringing your back knee to the floor. Gently tap your knee then drive through your front leg..3.Go back to a standing position and then step forward with the opposing legs..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Plate Overhead Walking Lunge, How To Do A Plate Overhead Walking Lunge, Quads Exercise, glutes, lunge"\n"The 'Plate Pinch Grip Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, hands' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the plate with your feet shoulder-width apart and the plate positioned between your feet..2.Bend down and grasp the plate from the top edges with both hands, making sure your thumbs and fingers are evenly spaced..3.Keep your back straight, chest up and core engaged, and stand up with the plate, keeping it close to your body..4.Lower the plate back down to the ground, keeping control and maintaining good posture..How To Do A Plate Pinch Grip Deadlift, Plate Exercise, Lats Exercise, Forearms Exercise, How to do Plate Pinch Grip Deadlift, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Pinch Grip Farmer's Carry' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, hands' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall holding two plates in each hand with a pinch grip..2.Walk for the desired distance or time..How to do Plate Pinch Grip Farmer's Carry, Farmer's Carry, Plate Exercise, Forearms, intermediate Plate exercise, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, How To Do A Plate Pinch Grip Farmer's Carry"\n"The 'Plate Pinch Grip Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Make sure to keep your elbow close to your body and your core engaged throughout the movement..2.Bend forward at your hips while maintaining a flat back..3.Pull the plate toward your upper abdomen..4.Lower the weight in a controlled manner and repeat..How To Do A Plate Pinch Grip Row, Plate Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Forearm Exercise, Forearms Exercise, How to do Plate Pinch Grip Row"\n"The 'Plate Pinch Grip Side Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, obliques' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand straight with the plate held at your side.2.Keep your hips and shoulders facing forward, bend to one side slowly.3.Return to the upright position..4.Switch hands and repeat.beginner Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Pinch Grip Side Bend, Plate Exercise, How to do Plate Pinch Grip Side Bend, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Reach' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a standing position with a plate against your chest..2.Press the plate away from your body until your elbows are extended..How To Do A Plate Reach, How to do Plate Reach, delts, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, shoulders, Plate Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, beginner Plate exercise"\n"The 'Plate Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Keep your back straight and bend forward slightly at the waist..2.With arms extended, raise the weights out to your sides until they are in line with your shoulders..3.Pause briefly and then lower the weights back to the starting position..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, posterior delt, rear delt, Shoulder Exercise, Plate Exercise, How to do Plate Rear Delt Fly, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Plate Rear Delt Fly, beginner Plate exercise"\n"The 'Plate Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the plate at chest height close to your body.2.Take a big step backwards with your left leg, lowering your body until your left thigh is parallel to the ground and your right knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..3.Push through your right heel to return to standing, bringing your left leg back to starting position..4.Repeat the movement on the other side, stepping backwards with your right leg and lowering your body until your right thigh is parallel to the ground and your left knee is bent at a 90-degree angle..beginner Plate exercise, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Plate Reverse Lunge, How to do Plate Reverse Lunge, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Reverse Lunge Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, obliques' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Step back with your right foot into a lunge position, both knees bent at 90 degrees..2.Twist your torso to the right, keeping the plate close to your chest..3.Push through your front foot to return to the starting position and repeat on the other side..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Reverse Lunge Twist, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Plate Reverse Lunge Twist, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Russian Twist' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on the floor with your knees bent and feet flat on the ground.2.Engage your core muscles by pulling your belly button toward your spine..3.Slowly twist your upper body to the right, keeping your feet flat on the ground and your back straight..4.Hold for a second and then twist to the left, holding for another second..Obliques, Plate Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, How to do Plate Russian Twist, Obliques Exercise, obliques, Ab Exercise, How To Do A Plate Russian Twist"\n"The 'Plate Single Leg Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Engage your core and straighten your legs to lift the plate off the ground..2.Stand on one leg, keeping the other leg off the ground, while holding the plate in front of your body..3.Keep your back straight and maintain a neutral head position while looking straight ahead..4.Lower the plate back down to the ground while keeping your balance on one leg..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, advanced Plate exercise, Glutes Exercise, How to do Plate Single Leg Deadlift, How To Do A Plate Single Leg Deadlift, advanced exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Single Leg Pinch Grip Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, forearms' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and facing forwards. Grip the sides of a weight plate with your palms facing down..2.Balance on one foot, as you raise the weight keep your arms and back straight, while you bring your other foot back towards the ground.3.Keep four raised leg straight and in alignment with your back as you lower the plate back down to the starting position..Plate Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do Plate Single Leg Pinch Grip Deadlift, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, How To Do A Plate Single Leg Pinch Grip Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Situp' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your back on a mat with your legs bent and feet flat on the ground..2.Hold a weight plate over your head with both hands, making sure to keep your arms straight..3.Engage your core and use your abdominal muscles to sit up, keeping the weight plate towards the ceiling..situp, beginner Plate exercise, abs, Plate Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, How To Do A Plate Situp, Abdominal Exercise, How to do Plate Situp, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart and hold a weight plate in front of your chest with both hands..2.Keep your back straight, lower your body as if you were sitting back into a chair..3.Go as low as you can while keeping your heels flat on the ground, then push through your heels to return to the starting position..Butt Exercise, How to do Plate Squat, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quad Exercises, Squat, How To Do A Plate Squat, Quads Exercise, Plate exercise"\n"The 'Plate Squat Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart, with a weight plate held in both hands at chest height..2.Lower your body by bending your knees and hips, keeping your back straight and your weight in your heels..3.Go down until your thighs are parallel to the floor, then pause for a moment..4.Hold the squat position for the desired amount of time, keeping the weight plate steady and your core engaged..How To Do A Plate Squat Hold, beginner Plate exercise, Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, hold, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Plate Squat Hold, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, quads, Quads Exercise, squat"\n"The 'Plate Squat Hold Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, quads, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lower into a squat position, keeping the plate at chest height..2.Slowly curl the plate towards your shoulders, keeping your elbows close to your body..3.Hold for a moment at the top of the curl before lowering the plate back to chest height..4.Repeat the curls as you hold the squat position..Biceps Exercise, How To Do A Plate Squat Hold Curl, Plate Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, How to do Plate Squat Hold Curl"\n"The 'Plate Squat Hold Reach' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, triceps, glutes, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the plate with both hands at chest height..2.Keeping your core tight and your chest up, squat down as low as you can go while keeping your feet flat on the ground..3.Hold the squat position and reach the plate forward, keeping your arms straight and your back straight..4.Return the plate to your chest while you hold the squat position and repeat reaching the plate in front of you.Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Plate Exercise, How to do Plate Squat Hold Reach, intermediate Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Squat Hold Reach, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Squat Reach' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand holding a weight plate at chest height with both hands..2.Lower into a squat, extending the plate in front of you at chest height.3.As you stand back up, pull the plate back into your chest..How To Do A Plate Squat Reach, Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Plate Exercise, advanced exercise, advanced Plate exercise, How to do Plate Squat Reach, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Staggered Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding a weight plate..2.Place one foot slightly behind the other, with the heel of your back foot elevated..3.From this starting position, bend at the hips and knees to lower the plate towards the ground, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..4.Once the plate is below your knees, drive through your heels to stand back up to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, advanced exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, advanced Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, How to do Plate Staggered Deadlift, Hamstrings, Hamstrings Exercise, How To Do A Plate Staggered Deadlift, Staggered Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Staggered Pinch Grip Deadlift' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, forearms' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet shoulder-width apart and holding two plates with a pinch grip..2.Place one foot slightly behind the other, with the heel of your back foot elevated..3.From this starting position, bend at the hips and knees to lower the plates towards the ground, keeping your back straight and your core engaged..How to do Plate Staggered Pinch Grip Deadlift, Plate Exercise, advanced exercise, Leg Exercise, advanced Plate exercise, Hamstrings, Hamstrings Exercise, How To Do A Plate Staggered Pinch Grip Deadlift, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Staggered Waiters Bow' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up a bar at mid way up your quad. Place the working leg against the bar..2.Place one foot behind. You should only be on your toes on that back foot. Your front foot should be planted flat the entire time..3.Bend your back knee and push your hips back. Look for a stretch in your front hamstring..4.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward again until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Standing Twist' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a plate extended away from your body. Elbows mostly extended..2.Rotate at the upper spine while keeping your lumbar spine in a neutral position..3.Do not let the plate go behind your body..twist, Obliques, beginner Plate exercise, Plate Exercise, How to do Plate Standing Twist, Obliques Exercise, How To Do A Plate Standing Twist, obliques, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Thruster' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with the plate at chest height. Begin a squat..2.Make sure to hit parallel depth. On your way back up, use the momentum you generate with your legs to help push the plate into an overhead position..3.Let the plate return to chest height before initiating the next squat..Butt Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, shoulders, How To Do A Plate Thruster, Plate Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Plate Thruster, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, quads, Quads Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Waiters Bow' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a barbell at about midway up your thigh. Press your quads into the barbell. Hold a plate up to your chest..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Butt Exercise, Plate Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Weighted Dead Hang' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach weight to yourself using a dip belt. Grip a pull-up bar with palms facing forward..2.Hang with arms fully extended..3.Hold for recommended amount of time, keeping your core engaged..Plate Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Weighted Dip' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use a dip belt to attach a plate to yourself. Grip bars with arms straight, shoulders above hands. Keep legs straight or bent..2.Lower slowly until elbows are at 90 degrees..3.Push back up to start position, extending arms fully..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Weighted Inverted Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay underneath a fixed horizontal bar and grab the bar with a wide overhand grip. Place a plate on your chest..2.Pull your body straight up to the bar..3.Return to the starting position, your arms fully extended. Repeat..Mid Back Exercise, Plate Exercise, Lats Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise"\n"The 'Plate Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width stance. Begin with the plate near one of your quads..2.Rotate at your upper spine to engage the obliques..3.You can pivot your back foot to keep from generating too much torque at the knee..Obliques, beginner Plate exercise, How To Do A Plate Wood Chopper, Plate Exercise, Obliques Exercise, wood chopper, How to do Plate Wood Chopper, obliques, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Pole Overhead Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet slightly wider than shoulder-width apart and hold a pole overhead, using an overhand grip..2.Begin the squat by bending at the hips and knees, keeping your core tight and the dumbbells balanced overhead..3.Lower your body as far as you can while keeping the dumbbells overhead, then push back up to the starting position..4.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, making sure to keep your back straight, chest lifted, and the dumbbells stable overhead throughout the entire movement..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Pole Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with the pole in front of you with an overhand wider than shoulder width grip..2.Rotate both arms overhead and behind you while leaving your elbows mostly extended..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Prayer Stretch 1' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on your heels and reach out your arms on the floor while pressing the chest towards the ground..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lats Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Prayer Stretch 2 Roller' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on your heels and reach out your arms on a box or foam roller while pressing the chest towards the ground..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Lats Exercise, Lower Back, Lower back Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Prayer Stretch Side Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on your heels and reach out your arms on the floor while pressing the chest towards the ground..2.Bend your spine towards one side and reach over with your arms..3.Do the same on the opposite side..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Prone Single Leg Hip Extension Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your stomach..2.Secure your lower back by tilting your hips backwards..3.Raise one leg and hold the position for the specified duration..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Pull Ups' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lats' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the bar with an overhand grip, arms and shoulders fully extended..2.Pull your body up until your chin is above the bar..3.Lower your body back to starting position..How To Perform The Pull Up.Setup.Grab the Pull Up bar with an overhand grip. If you get wrist pain from gripping a Pull Up bar, try using a thumbless grip. It won't affect your grip strength too much, but will give your wrists a little more room to move. Also, make sure the bars are set very deeply in your hand. Your palms should be making contact with the bar. .Next, if you are using a bench or box to reach the Pull Up bars, step off of the step, and hold for a second, in a dead hang position. If you begin initiating the Pull Up before the dead hang, you might swing too much to perform a proper strict Pull Up. If you can reach the Pull Up bars without having to stand on anything, take your grip and then pull your feet slightly off the floor. Still hold for a second to prevent any swinging from happening..Pull your shoulder blades down. This will engage your mid and lower traps and force your lats to do most of the work. Also, before beginning the first rep, make sure your elbows are extended..Lower body.Angle your legs forward slightly, push your hips back, and point your toes. This will force you to flex your abdominals and keep you more stable throughout the rep. (This will massively help you keep the reps strict)..Performing.Once you are in the proper position, begin to pull. Imagine trying to pull your elbows not just down, but inward toward your spine. This cue will help you engage one of the lats more overlooked functions, vertical adduction. .Get your chin over the bar before beginning the eccentric portion of the rap. Your elbows should fully extend at the bottom of each rep..Step by Step Progression.The Pull Up can be a difficult exercise to know when to progress. There's also the question of how to progress the Pull Up. .Decide on a rep range. For example, 6 to 10. Once you are able to perform 10 reps with strict form, then it is time to progress. Do not be shy or hesitant to start adding weight to your Pull Up early on. Even if it is only 5 pounds. Progress is progress! From there, progress the Pull Up, like it would any other exercise. Once you hit the top end of the rep range, add some more weight..The best way to get better at doing Pull Ups is to do Pull Ups. But if you can't do them in the first place, then what should you do? .Try the Chin Up. Its an easier variation because the biceps are much more involved. I suggest you start with that variation if you don't have much experience doing Pull Ups. .Shorten the range of motion, and try to get a longer range of motion overtime. if you can only do half a Pull Up (meaning you can get your elbows to roughly 90) don't be ashamed to do those half reps. Set a rep range like with anything else. We will use 5 to 8 reps for this example. Once you are able to hit 8/2 Pull Ups, cut the reps down to five and try to go an extra 2 to 3 inches higher on each rep. It helps massively if you can do this in front of a mirror to keep a very close eye on your range of motion. Before long you'll be able to perform full reps..Bodyweight Fitness, How To Do A Pull Ups, How to do Pull Ups, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Puppy Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a tabletop position with your hands and knees on the ground..2.Walk your hands forward as you lower your chest towards the ground..3.Keep your hips over your knees and extend your arms out in front of you..4.Hold for a few breaths and then release..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do Puppy Pose, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, How To Do A Puppy Pose, Shoulder Exercise, Anahatasana, Shoulders Exercise, Yoga, Puppy Pose"\n"The 'Push Up' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hands firmly on the ground, directly under shoulders..2.Flatten your back so your entire body is straight and slowly lower your body.3.Draw shoulder blades back and down, keeping elbows tucked close to your body.4.Exhale as you push back to the starting position..How to do Push Up, Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A Push Up, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Pushup Position Shoulder Clock' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Wrap a loop band around your wrists and get yourself in a pushup position..2.Support your body on one arm, while the other moves out taping the hour positions of the clock..3.If you're moving your right arm it should be taping 12, 1, ..., 6..4.If you're moving your left arm it should be taping 12, 11, ..., 6.."\n"The 'Pushup to Renegade Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, abdominals' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a high plank position with a pair of dumbbells positioned under your shoulders. Your hands should grip the dumbbells, palms facing each other..2.Keep your core engaged and your back straight as you row one dumbbell up towards your hip, keeping your elbow close to your body..3.Lower the dumbbell back down to the starting position and repeat on the other side..row, How To Do A Pushup to Renegade Row, intermediate Dumbbells exercise, pushup, How to do Pushup to Renegade Row, Pec Exercise, Pecs, renegade row, Chest Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Pyramid Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in Tadasana (Mountain Pose)..2.Step your left foot back about 3-4 feet and place your heel down, keeping your toes pointing forward..3.Inhale and lengthen your spine, then exhale and fold forward from your hips, bringing your hands to the floor on either side of your right foot..4.Hold for several breaths, then switch sides and repeat..beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Pyramid Pose, How To Do A Pyramid Pose, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Yoga Pose, How to do Pyramid Pose, Parvosttanasana, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Fitness, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Pyramid Pose Blocks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in Tadasana (Mountain Pose) with two blocks at the top of your mat..2.Step your left foot back about 3-4 feet and place your heel down, keeping your toes pointing forward..3.Place the blocks on either side of your right foot at a height that allows you to comfortably place your hands on them..4.Inhale and lengthen your spine, then exhale and fold forward from your hips, bringing your hands to the blocks. Hold for several breaths, then switch sides and repeat..beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Pyramid Pose, How to do Pyramid Pose Blocks, Pyramid Pose With Blocks, How To Do A Pyramid Pose Blocks, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Yoga Pose, Parvosttanasana, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Fitness, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Pyramid Pose Calf Blocks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start standing with a flat and vertical block on the matt.2.Bend forward, placing hand on vertical block, and front of foot on the flat block..3.Press the bottom of your foot towards the ground, and repeat on each side..How to do Pyramid Pose Calf Blocks, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Pryamid Pose Calf, How To Do A Pyramid Pose Calf Blocks, Calves, Pyramid Pose Calf Stretch, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Pyramid Prayer' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and place your hands on a table, chair, or any elevated surface in front of you..2.Walk your feet back until your torso is parallel to the ground, and your elbows are resting on the surface..3.Relax your head and neck, and breathe deeply..4.Hold for a few breaths, then release..beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Pyramid Prayer, Yoga, Pyramid Prayer, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Pyramid Prayer, Yoga Fitness, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Quads Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on your belly. Extend one arm out in front of you, placing your palm on the floor. With your other arm, grab the top of your foot..2.Keeping your upper leg flat on the floor, pull your foot towards your buttocks to engage the stretch..3.Pause for a few seconds, and then repeat the stretch with your other leg..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Quads Stretch Variation Four, How To Do A Quads Stretch Variation Four, Fitness Stretch, beginner Stretches exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Quads Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand perpendicular to a wall, using one arm against the wall for balance. With your other arm, grab the top of your foot..2.Pull your leg upwards and back to engage your quads, pausing at the apex of the stretch for a few seconds..3.Return to starting position and repeat with your other leg..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Quads Stretch Variation One, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, How to do Quads Stretch Variation One"\n"The 'Quads Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on your belly, with both hands reach back and grab the tops of your feet..2.Keeping your upper legs flat on the ground, pull both of your feet towards your buttocks..3.Pause at the apex of the stretch, then return to starting position..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Quads Stretch Variation Three, Quads Exercise, How to do Quads Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Quads Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one foot flat on the ground in front of you at a 90 degree angle. With your other leg, balance upon your knee, placing the tip of your foot against the wall behind you for balance..2.Place your hands on your knee in front of you, and lean forward so that your knee extends over your foot..3.Pause at the apex of the stretch, and slowly return to starting position. Repeat with your other leg..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Quads Stretch Variation Two, Quads Exercise, How to do Quads Stretch Variation Two"\n"The 'Reach And Catch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on your back with both hands over one leg..2.Reach toward your knee flexing your abs and obliques..3.Do the prescribed amount of reps, then switch sides..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Ab Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Reclining Pigeon Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down on your back with your knees bent and your feet on the ground..2.Cross your right ankle over your left knee, creating a figure four shape..3.Use your hands to gently pull your left knee towards your chest, feeling a stretch in your right hip..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, then switch sides and repeat..Butt Exercise, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Reclining Pigeon Pose, Glute Exercise, Reclining Pigeon Pose, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Reclining Pigeon Pose, Supta Kapotanassana, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Restful Cow Face Pose Legs' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a seated position with your legs extended in front of you..2.Cross your right leg over your left leg, placing your right foot on the floor beside your left hip..3.Cross your left leg over your right leg, placing your left foot on the floor beside your right hip..4.Relax your arms by your sides or place them on your abdomen and take deep breaths..Butt Exercise, Yoga, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A Restful Cow Face Pose Legs, Glute Exercise, Restful Cow Face Pose, How to do Restful Cow Face Pose Legs, Yoga Pose, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Gomukhasana, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Reverse Crunch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit in a v position..2.Pull legs and torso together..3.Extend back into the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Reverse Crunch Kick Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Perform a reverse crunch and then kick your legs up toward the ceiling..2.Flex at the hips and knees until your hips land back on the bench, then kick your legs back out to the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Reverse Prayer' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start seated or standing with your arms at your sides..2.Bring your hands behind your back and interlace your fingers with your palms facing up..3.Inhale and draw your shoulder blades together, lifting your chest..4.Exhale and gently press your hands down towards the floor as you continue to lift your chest..beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Reverse Prayer, Yoga Exercises, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, Shoulder Exercise, How to do Reverse Prayer, Reverse Prayer Pose, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Yoga, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Revolved Head To Knee' is a 'Advanced' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs extended in front of you..2.Bend your right knee and bring your heel towards your perineum..3.Place your left hand on the outside of your right knee and twist your body to the right..4.Reach your right hand towards your left foot and look up towards the ceiling. Hold the pose for a few breaths before switching sides..Obliques, Parivritta Janu Sirsasana, advanced Yoga exercise, Yoga, advanced exercise, Revolved Head to Knee, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Obliques Exercise, How to do Revolved Head To Knee, How To Do A Revolved Head To Knee, Ab Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Ring Chin Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the rings shoulder width apart with a supinated grip (palms facing you).2.With your body hanging and arms fully extended, pull yourself up until your chin is past the rings..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..Bodyweight Fitness, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand holding gymnastic rings with your arms extended in front of you, palms facing up..2.Curl rings towards shoulders, squeezing biceps..3.Slowly lower rings back to starting position, keeping control. Repeat..Biceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up rings at a high point..2.Grip rings and lean back, arms extended..3.Pull chest to rings, keeping body straight..Biceps Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Lats Exercise, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Attach the ring straps to a high point. Stand on your tip toes..2.Your arms should be extended in front of you..3.Break at the elbows until your forearms touch your biceps. Then extend your elbows back to the start..Bodyweight Fitness, Arm Exercise, At Home Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Standing Archer Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position rings shoulder-width apart, grasp handles, extend legs behind..2.Lower chest to rings, bend one elbow, while extending your other arm out to the side. Push yourself back to the start..3.Then switch arms and repeat..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Standing Chest Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by adjusting the rings straps to chest height. Stand facing the rings with your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Grasp the rings' handles with both hands, keeping your arms extended and your shoulders away from your ears..3.Lean forward, keeping your arms extended and your core engaged. Your body should form a slight diagonal line from your ankles to your head..4.Slowly bring your arms towards each other, in front of your chest, while keeping your core engaged and your body in a stable position..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Standing Pushup' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by setting up the rings to a secure anchor point and adjust the straps so that they hang about waist height when you stand under them..2.Stand facing the rings grab the handles with both hands, and step forward so that your body is in a plank position with your hands directly beneath your shoulders..3.Lower your body down by bending your elbows until your chest nearly touches the handles. Keep your core tight and your body in a straight line..4.Push your body back up to the starting position, straightening your arms as you do so. Make sure to engage your chest, triceps, and core throughout the movement..Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Standing Roll Out' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the rings, keeping your arms extended and your shoulders away from your ears..2.Keep your abs engaged, roll forward onto your toes, and extend your arms in front of you..3.Slowly lower your body down toward the ground, keeping your arms straight and your abs engaged..4.When your head gets between your arms, pause for a moment and then use your abs to pull your body back up to the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Ring Twisting Chin Up' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the rings shoulder width apart with a pronated grip (palms facing away)..2.With your body hanging and arms fully extended, pull yourself up and rotate your fists until your chin is past the rings..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..Bodyweight Exercise, Lats Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Rotator Cuff External Rotations 1' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand side ways to a pulley (you can also attach a theraband to a fixed point instead)..2.Hold the grip (or band) with the arm away from the pulley. Bring that arm by your side and bend it at 90.3.Externally rotate the palm against the resistance. Your elbow should remain by your ribs throughout the movement."\n"The 'Rotator Cuff External Rotations 2' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand on one end of a theraband with one foot and hold the loose end with your opposite hand..2.Bring your elbow forward by 45 (at shouder) but maintain a 90 angle at elbow.3.Externally rotate against the resistance.."\n"The 'Rotator Cuff External Rotations 3' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Abduct your arm at 90 (raise your arm to the side)..2.Keep a 90 angle at elbow, forearm parallel to the ground..3.Externally rotate against resistance.."\n"The 'Rotator Cuff Mobilisation Lacrosse Ball' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the floor and place a massage ball under your rotator cuff..2.Support your elbow with your opposite arm..3.Roll into the ball to increase pressure and away from it to reduce.."\n"The 'Rower Knee Tuck' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet on the rower seat and get in to a hand plank position..2.Pull your knees to your chest and flex your abs..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Rower Pike' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet on the rower seat and get in to a plank position..2.Pull your hips straight up toward the ceiling..3.Lower your hips until you're back in a plank position..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Runners Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in Downward Facing Dog pose (Adho Mukha Svanasana)..2.Step your right foot forward between your hands..3.Place your left knee on the ground behind you and slide it back until you feel a stretch in your left hip flexor..4.Keep your hands on the ground or lift them to the sky and hold for a few breaths before repeating on the other side..Runners Lunge Pose, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Runners Lunge, Yoga Fitness, Yoga, Utthita Ashwa Sanchalanasana, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Quads Exercise, How to do Runners Lunge"\n"The 'Scissor Kick' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, hands under your buttocks or on the ground for support..2.Lift legs off the ground, alternate crossing them in a scissor motion..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Scorpion Twist Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a downward-facing dog pose..2.Slowly lift one leg up towards the ceiling, keeping your hips level and your toes pointed..3.Bend your lifted leg and try to touch your toes to the back of your head..4.Once you have a firm grip with your toes, slowly begin to twist your torso towards the lifted leg..5.Keep your hands and feet firmly planted on the ground as you hold the pose for a few breaths. Release the pose and repeat on the other side..Biceps Exercise, beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Scorpion Twist Pose, Yoga, Scorpion Twist Pose, How To Do A Scorpion Twist Pose, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Seated Arm Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit cross-legged on the floor..2.Extend your arms straight out in front of you, palms facing forward..3.Cross your right arm over your left arm and interlace your fingers..4.Pull your hands away from your body and hold for a few breaths, then release and repeat with the opposite arm on top..Biceps Exercise, beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Seated Arm Stretch, Seated Arm Stretch, Yoga, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Seated Arm Stretch, Bicep Stretch, Bicep Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Seated Box Jump' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus, outer-quadricep' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Setup two boxes. One to jump on and one to sit..2.Go from a seated position and pop your hips forward forcefully..3.Jump and land on the box softly..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Seated Box Jump, At Home Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, How To Do A Seated Box Jump"\n"The 'Seated Forward Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs extended in front of you..2.Inhale and lengthen your spine, then exhale and fold forward from your hips, keeping your spine long..3.Reach for your feet or ankles, keeping your elbows straight..4.Hold for several breaths, then release..beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Seated Forward Bend, Seated Forward Bend, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Paschimottanasana, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, How To Do A Seated Forward Bend, Yoga Fitness, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Hip Flexion Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench without back support..2.Keep an upright back and your shoulders back..3.Raise one leg and maintain the position for the specified duration..Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Lateral Line Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from a seated position with an upright posture..2.Cross your right leg over the left and raise your right arm over your head..3.Lean towards your left and reach with your right arm as far to the left as possible..4.Repeat on the opposite side by crossing the left leg over the right..5.You can do the same exercise against a wall or by holding onto a pull-up bar..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit upright on bench or box..2.Hold dumbbells at sides.3.Lift arms to shoulder height..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Leg Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the machine. Adjust the back pad to where the leg pad is just above your knees..2.Adjust the leg pad that goes on your lower leg until it's on your achilles..3.Use the two handles to push your self back in the chair. Curl your legs as far as possible, and then extend your knees. (Do not hyperextend).Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Medial Hamstrings Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Plantar Flexions' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor using your palms or elbows to lean back onto..2.Attach one end of a band around your toes and hold onto the other..3.Point and flex the toes against the resistance..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Seated Quad Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit against the wall with one leg slightly bent..2.Wrap a stretch strap or towel around your ankle and pull the heel towards the hips..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Shoulder Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand or sit with your arm by your side, palm facing forward..2.Reach your hand out to the side and over your head without bending the elbow.3.The thumb leads the movement.."\n"The 'Seated Side Bend Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit comfortably on the floor with your legs crossed..2.Inhale and raise your right arm above your head..3.As you exhale, bend your body to the left side and rest your left hand on the ground..4.Look up towards the ceiling and hold the pose for a few breaths. Then switch sides and repeat the pose on the other side..Obliques, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Seated Side Bend Pose, Yoga, Yoga Pose, Seated Side Bend Pose, Yoga Exercises, Obliques Exercise, Parsva Sukhansana, Ab Exercise, Yoga Fitness, How to do Seated Side Bend Pose"\n"The 'Seated Tibialis Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'tibialis' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a box or bench, place your heels on a step or plate..2.Raise your toes straight toward the ceiling..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Tibialis Exercise, Calves Exercise, At Home Exercise, Calves, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Ulnar Nerve Slider' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Abduct your arm at 90 palm facing down..2.Bend your elbow and wrist bringing your front of your fingertips to your temple while leaning the head towards the the arm..3.Lean the head away from the arm as you extend the elbow and flex the wrist..4.Alternate between positions to mobilise the ulnar nerve..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Ulnar Nerve Tensioner' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Abduct your arm at 90 palm facing down..2.Bend your elbow and wrist to bring the palm to face the ceiling while leaning the head towards the opposite shoulder..3.Find the position of maximum tension (without pain) and hold..4.To increase the stretch, press the palm against the face and try to point the elbow up..Biceps Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Upper Trap And Suprispinatus Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the back of your palm..2.Straighten the back and pull the shoulders back..3.Lean your head to the opposite side..Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Wrist Extensor Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-extensors' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Raise one arm keeping your shoulder relaxed..2.Hold the back of your palm with the other hand and passively flex the wrist..3.You should feel a stretch on the top part of your arm..Forearms Exercise, Wrist Extensors Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Seated Wrist Flexor Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-flexors' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring one arm in front of you palm facing up, elbow straight and shoulder relaxed..2.With your other hand hold onto the palm and force it into passive extension..3.This will stretch your wrist flexors..Forearm Exercise, Wrist Flexors Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Serratus Activation Active Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Support your weight on your forearms and toes (plank)..2.Allow your upper back to sink in between the shoulder blades..3.Push your elbows into the ground and slightly forward, and move the shoulder blades away from the spine..Pec Exercise, Pecs, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Chest Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Serratus Activation Cross Punch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with your knees bent and the feet flat on the floor..2.Hold a dumbbell over your shoulder with a straight arm..3.Form the sign of the cross adding a protraction (punch) on every end of the cross, including the middle position..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Serratus Activation Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, shoulders' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Support your weight on your forearms and toes (plank)..2.Allow your upper back to sink in between the shoulder blades..3.Push your elbows into the ground and slightly forward, and move the shoulder blades away from the spine..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Shoulder Abduction Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand sideways to a wall..2.Raise the arm that is on the side of the wall and place the blade of the palm against the wall..3.Slide your arm up over your head and step in towards the wall to increase the stretch.."\n"The 'Shoulder External Internal Rotation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Externally and internally rotate the shoulder to mobilise the joint on the specific movement.."\n"The 'Shoulder External Rotation Deceleration' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on a bench facing down..2.Bring your arm parallel to the ground and bent at the elbow, while holding a weighted ball..3.Externally rotate your shoulder letting go of the ball..4.Grab the ball before it falls to the ground.."\n"The 'Shoulder Flexion Thoracic Extensions' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a tube roller or half tube on the ground parallel to your body..2.Lie on the tube making sure your whole back and neck are supported..3.Knees bent and on the ground, lower back flat on the tube and chin tucked in..4.Bring your arms by you hips and pull shoulders back..5.This is your starting position. Raise arms and drop them back towards the ground over your head.Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Shoulder Flexion Wall Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing a wall..2.Raise your arm above the head and place it on the wall, thumb facing back..3.Slide the arm up and lean into the wall to increase the stretch.."\n"The 'Shoulder Girdle Stability Circles' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing a wall. Pin a gym ball between your palm and the wall (elbow straight)..2.Push your arm into the ball without leaning into it..3.While applying pressure, form the sign of the cross (up/down/left/right) and circles.."\n"The 'Shoulders Stretch Variation Four' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with you feet shoulder width apart. Place one arm across the front of your chest at shoulder height, press the forearm of your other arm above the elbow, hooking the stretching arm with your hand..2.Press the arm until it is straight and rotate your upper torso to engage the stretch even deeper..3.Repeat with your other arm..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Shoulder Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How to do Shoulders Stretch Variation Four, Shoulders Exercise, How To Do A Shoulders Stretch Variation Four"\n"The 'Shoulders Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Reach one arm behind your body, with your elbow pointing upward behind your head..2.Assist the stretch with your other hand on your elbow to engage your shoulder..3.Pause for a few seconds, then repeat the stretch with your other arm..beginner Stretches exercise, Shoulder Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, How To Do A Shoulders Stretch Variation One, How to do Shoulders Stretch Variation One, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Shoulders Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the top of your hand into the small of your back, your arm at a 90 degree angle..2.Hold your elbow with the other arm, and slowly pull the arm forward until you feel your shoulder engaged in the stretch. Pause at the apex of the stretch and return to the starting position..3.Return to starting position, and repeat with your other arm..How To Do A Shoulders Stretch Variation Three, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Shoulder Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How to do Shoulders Stretch Variation Three, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Shoulders Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid, posterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with your arms at either side. Begin by pushing your shoulders forward and in towards your chest..2.Continue the circular motion with your shoulders, pinching up towards your ears, and then extending your chest outwards while you finish the motion..3.Repeat as necessary..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Fitness Stretch, Shoulder Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Shoulders Stretch Variation Two, How to do Shoulders Stretch Variation Two, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Side Lunges' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a slow, lateral step to the right..2.Extend the left knee, and drive your weight into your right side..3.Flex your knee and lower your body..4.Push back to the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, How To Do A Side Lunges, At Home Exercise, How to do Side Lunges, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Side Lying External Rotator Cuff Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your side with the under arm outstretched in front of you..2.Pull your shoulder back to stabilise the scapula..3.Bend your elbow at 90 or more..4.Use your top arm to press the palm of the under arm out.."\n"The 'Side Plank Reach Through' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in an elbow side plank position..2.Reach for the ceiling with your off hand..3.Rotate at the mid and upper spine and reach through the open space between the floor and your torso..4.Reach backwards, and then rotate back into the starting position..How To Do A Side Plank Reach Through, Bodyweight Exercise, How to do Side Plank Reach Through, advanced exercise, At Home Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, Obliques Exercise, advanced Bodyweight exercise"\n"The 'Side Plank Up Down' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with your elbow and hip on the ground. Either neutral fist or flat hand on the ground..2.Begin in a side plank position, and then drop your hips to the floor..3.Pull your hips back to the ceiling to finish the rep..Obliques, How to do Side Plank Up Down, Bodyweight Fitness, How To Do A Side Plank Up Down, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, intermediate Bodyweight exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Side Shoulder Girdle Stability Circles' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand sideways to a wall. Pin a gym ball between your palm and the wall (elbow straight)..2.Push your arm into the ball without leaning into it..3.While applying pressure, form the sign of the cross (up/down/left/right) and circles.."\n"The 'Side Step On And Off Box' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart. Your feet should be slightly pointed outward, and your shoulders should be down and relaxed..2.Place a step or box beside you, and step up onto it with one foot. Then bring the other foot to the box..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Sideways Scissor Kick' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lift both legs off the ground..2.Bring both legs outward, then cross both legs over one another..3.Alternating which leg goes on top..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Single Arm Overhead Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and a dumbbell in your right hand, extending it overhead..2.Inhale and begin to squat down, keeping the dumbbell overhead and your back straight..3.Go down as far as you can while still maintaining control, then exhale and return to standing position, keeping the dumbbell overhead. Repeat for desired reps and then switch to the other arm..single arm, How To Do A Single Arm Overhead Squat, advanced exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, overhead squat, advanced Dumbbells exercise, How to do Single Arm Overhead Squat, Quads Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise"\n"The 'Single Arm Rapunzel Pushdown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a band anchored to a high point. Face away from the band. Hold the loop in one hand..2.Keep your elbow tucked in to your side. Extend your elbow. When you extend, don't let your upper arm raise. The band should land over your shoulder..Tricep Exercise, beginner Band exercise, Resistance Band Exercises, triceps, Band, pushdown, How to do Single Arm Rapunzel Pushdown, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Single Arm Rapunzel Pushdown, Band Exercise"\n"The 'Single Leg Box Jump' is a 'Advanced' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with a shoulder width stance..2.Jump onto your box and land with one foot..3.Try to land in the middle of the box and land as softly as possible..Butt Exercise, How To Do A Single Leg Box Jump, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, How to do Single Leg Box Jump, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Single Leg Concentric Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position lower your body into a squat..2.Shift your weight onto one leg (the other is still in contact with the ground for balance)..3.Use the loaded leg to lift your body into standing position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Single Leg Eccentric Box Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a bench or box. Lift one leg in front you supporting yourself on the other leg..2.Try to sit on the box in a controlled manner. Use both legs to stand back up.Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Single Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Tense your glutes and raise your hips towards the ceiling..2.Once you are at the highest point you can manage, hold the position for a few seconds, and then slowly return to the starting position..3.Push your hips up, so that your butt is elevated and your back straight..4.Lie down with one knee bent and and one with a slight bend..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, How to do Single Leg Glute Bridge, Bodyweight Exercise, How To Do A Single Leg Glute Bridge"\n"The 'Single Leg Slider Hamstring Curl 2' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with bent knees and heels on a slider..2.Perform a posterior pelvic tilt (flatten your lower back on the ground)..3.Press the heels into the ground to raise your hips off it..4.Extend and bend the working leg..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Single Legged Romanian Deadlifts' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart and knees slightly bent and raise one leg..2.Without changing the bend in your knee, bend at your hips, and lower your torso until it's almost parallel to the floor..3.Tense your glutes and then bring yourself back to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, How To Do A Single Legged Romanian Deadlifts, How to do Single Legged Romanian Deadlifts, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Situp' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie flat, knees bent..2.Lift upper body..3.Lower back down.Bodyweight Fitness, Upper Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Skater Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position shift your weight onto the working leg and keep the other one suspended behind you.2.Tilt at the hips and lean over as you are bending the loaded knee.3.Bring your back knee close to the ground before standing back up..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Slalom Mountain Climber' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position with hands directly under shoulders..2.Drive knees toward left elbow..3.Go back to starting position, then drive knees to right elbow, mimicking a zigzag slalom motion..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Slider Hamstring Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with slightly bent knees and heels on sliders..2.Pull your heels towards your glutes to lift your hips off the ground..3.Extend knees to starting position, but do not rest hips on ground..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Slider Hamstring Curl Eccentric' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bend your knees so your feet are flat on the floor with heels under knees and toes raised..2.Place sliders under your heels. Perform a posterior pelvic tilt (flatten your lower back against the ground)..3.Push through your heels into the ground, lifting your hips up to the point where there is a straight line from your chest to your knees..4.Extend your legs in a slow, controlled manner, to lower your bum to the ground..5.Casually bend knees before repeating..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Slider Hamstring Curl Single Leg' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back keeping both knees bent..2.Have a slider under the heel of the working leg..3.Extend and bend the working lag applying gentle downwards pressure..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Slow Tempo Mountain Climber' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.To perform a bodyweight mountain climber, start in a plank position with your hands placed directly under your shoulders..2.Bring your right knee towards your chest, keeping your foot close to your hand. Quickly switch legs, bringing your left knee towards your chest..3.Continue this movement, alternating legs, at a slow pace for a set amount of time or repetitions..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar..2.Lower the bar to your mid chest.3.Raise the bar until you've locked your elbows..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Smith Machine Bodyweight Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the smith bar and lean forward..2.Keep your elbows tucked in and then flex and extend at the elbows..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar on your back.2.Start with feet flat on the ground.3.Extend your heels upwards while keeping your knees stationary, and pause at the contracted position..4.Slowly return to the starting position. Repeat..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Smith Machine Close Grip Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With a narrow grip on the bar, straighten your arms.2.Lower the bar to your lower-mid chest.3.Slowly raise the bar until you've locked your elbows..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Drag Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, long-head-bicep, short-head-bicep' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar with an underhand grip..2.Pull your elbows straight back and let the bar drag against your upper body (or very close to it)..Biceps Exercise, Long Head Bicep Exercise, Short Head Bicep Exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Glute Kickback' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on your hands and knees with one foot placed on the bottom of the bar..2.Keeping your core braced, your back flat, and your moving leg bent at a 90 degree angle, drive the heel of your working leg up the ceiling while squeezing your glute..3.Follow the movement path as you bring your knee back down to the ground beneath your hip, keeping your knee bent to maintain control of the bar..4.Repeat for the desired number of reps before switching sides..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Guillotine Bench Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the flat bench, grasp the bar at shoulder level with your palms facing forward..2.Slowly lower the bar to your chest, keeping your elbows flared out..3.Once you feel a stretch in your chest press the weight back up..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Smith Machine Hanging Knee Tuck' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put a hip thrust pad on the smith machine bar at neck height. Put both arms over the bar and pull your feet off the ground..2.Pull your knees to your chest and flex your abs..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise, Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the ground with a bench behind you. Have the bar over your legs just above your hips..2.Lean back against the bench so that your shoulders are resting upon it, stretch your arms out to either side using the bench as support..3.Raise the weight by driving through your feet and extending your hips upwards. Support the weight with your shoulders and feet..4.Slowly extend as far as you can, and then slowly return to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Incline Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, upper-pectoralis, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position the bench between 30 and 45 degrees..2.Lay flat on the bench with your feet on the ground. With straight arms unrack the bar..3.Lower the bar to your mid chest.4.Raise the bar (slowly and controlled) until you've locked your elbows..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Smith Machine Inverted Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay underneath a fixed horizontal bar and grab the bar with a wide overhand grip..2.Pull your body straight up to the bar..3.Return to the starting position, your arms fully extended. Repeat..Mid Back Exercise, Traps (mid-back) Exercise, Lats Exercise, Traps (Mid-Back) Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Leg Press' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your legs on the bar with your feet at shoulder width..2.Release the weight and extend your legs fully, without locking your knees..3.Lower the weight until your legs are at a 90 angle (but DO NOT allow your butt and lower back to rise off of the floor. This will put your lower back in a rounded position, which is very dangerous.).4.Raise the weight back to starting position..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Narrow Stance Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar on top of your traps. Take a narrow stance..2.Push your hips back and break at the knees. Push your elbows forward to keep yourself from getting pitched too far forward..3.Aim to get your hamstrings to parallel with the floor..4.Push your heels into the floor and squat back to a standing position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Oblique Crunch' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on your side with your knees bent..2.Hold the bar extended over you..3.Lift yourself up by flexing your obliques..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Overhand Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start hinged forward with a flat back. Make sure your elbows are fully extended..2.Pull the bar to your sternum..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Pushup' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set the Smith machine bar to a desired height. The higher the bar, the easier the exercise; the lower the bar, the more challenging it will be (similar to an incline/decline pushup effect).2.Stand facing the bar and grasp it with an overhand grip, slightly wider than shoulder-width apart. Your palms should be facing away from you.3.Walk your feet back until your body forms a straight line from your head to your heels, similar to a plank position. The further back your feet are, the more difficult the exercise.4.Keeping your core engaged and your body in a straight line, slowly lower your chest towards the bar by bending your elbows. Your elbows should point slightly outward or backward.5.Descend until your chest nearly touches the bar, or as deep as your flexibility allows while maintaining good form.6.Push back up to the starting straight-arm position by extending your arms, focusing on engaging your chest and triceps. Maintain control throughout the movement and avoid sagging your hips.7.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Mid and Lower Chest Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Reverse Crunch Hip Raise' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the ground. With your feet on the bar..2.Lift your hips off the ground..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Lower Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Reverse Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by standing with your feet about hip-width apart, with the bar on your shoulders. Your feet should be slightly pointed outward, and your shoulders should be down and relaxed..2.Step backward with one foot, lowering your body until your front thigh is parallel to the ground and your back knee is hovering just above the ground..3.Push off your back foot, returning to the starting position..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a shoulder width, double overhand or mixed grip..2.Push your hips back while leaving your knees mostly extended. Look for a stretch in your hamstrings..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward until you're back in a standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Seated Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by sitting on a bench or box with the bar resting on your knees. Your feet should be flat on the ground, about hip-width apart..2.Place your hands on the barbell for support, and lift your heels off the ground..3.Hold this position for a moment, then slowly lower your heels back to the ground..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Seated Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on a bench with back support. Raise the bar to shoulder height with your palms forward..2.Raise the bar upwards and pause at the contracted position..3.Lower the weight back to starting position..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Side Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand beside the bar..2.Keep your hips and shoulders facing forward, bend to one side slowly.3.Return to the upright position..4.Switch hands and repeat..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Side Plank Up Down' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on your side with your feet stacked on top of each other and the bar on your hip..2.Place your bottom elbow on the ground beneath your shoulder and engage your core to raise your hips off the ground..3.Your hips will do all the moving. Think, ""hips up, hips down."".Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Single Leg Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying on a bench with your foot on the ground and a barbell on your hips..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Sissy Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from the machine, positioning your feet slightly wider than shoulder-width apart to provide a stable base, and then reach behind you to firmly grip the bar with both hands, maintaining an overhand grip..2.Initiate the movement by leaning backward, allowing your upper body to incline while simultaneously bending your knees. As you descend, maintain control.3.drive through your quadriceps while pushing your hips forward, gradually straightening your knees. Maintain a slow, controlled pace.Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Situp' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, upper-abdominals' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up the Smith machine bar at an appropriate height..2.Lie on your back beneath the bar, gripping it with your hands..3.Engage your core, lift your upper body toward the bar, and exhale..4.Lower your upper body back down in a controlled manner, inhaling..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Upper Abdominals Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Skullcrusher' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a shoulder width grip. Break at the elbows. Try to keep your elbows tucked in. Don't let them flare out..2.Stop the bar a few inches from your forehead and extend your elbows back up..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Split Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a large step forward with one leg until your shoulders are under the smith machine.2.lower your body until your back knee nearly touches the ground. Your front knee should be bent at a 90-degree angle, and your back leg should be straight..3.Push through the heel of your front foot to raise your body back to the starting position..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, gluteus-maximus, inner-thigh, outer-quadricep' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart. Maintain the natural arch in your back and put the bar on your back. Squeezing your shoulder blades and raise your chest..2.Grip the bar across your shoulders and support it on your upper back. Unwrack the smith machine by straightening your legs..3.Bend your knees as you lower the weight without altering the form of your back until your hips are below your knees..4.Raise the bar back to starting position, lift with your legs and exhale at the top..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Staggered Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one foot behind. You should only be on your toes on that back foot. Your front foot should be planted flat the entire time..2.Bend your back knee and push your hips back. Look for a stretch in your front hamstring..3.When you feel the stretch, push your hips forward again until you're back in a standing position..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Standing Shrugs' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place the bar on a lower rung so that when gripped your arms are fully extended and your back is straight..2.Grip at shoulder width, raise the bar with your shoulders and pause at the contracted position..3.Slowly lower the bar back to starting position..beginner Machine exercise, Trapezius Exercise, Traps Exercise, How To Do A Smith Machine Standing Shrugs, How to do Smith Machine Standing Shrugs"\n"The 'Smith Machine Sumo Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stance width can vary with a sumo DL. Some prefer toes near the plates. Others prefer a more narrow stance to get more drive off the floor..2.Make sure your arms are inside your legs. The bar should be just over your mid-foot. Flatten your back and unrack the bar.3.Leave your knees mostly extended and flex and extend your hips..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Underhand Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin by standing in front of a bar with your feet about hip-width apart..2.Bend at the hips and knees to grab the bar with a supinated (underhand) grip, positioning the bar about an inch away from your shins..3.Keeping your back straight and your core engaged, use your back muscles to lift the bar straight up towards your chest..4.As the bar reaches your chest, pause briefly, and then lower the bar back to the starting position..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Smith Machine Upright Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid' and requires 'smith-machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a double overhand roughly shoulder width grip..2.Pull your elbows straight up the ceiling. Aim to get the bar to chin level or slightly higher..3.lower the bar and repeat..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Soleus Stretch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'calves, soleus' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand close to a wall on a narrow, staggered stance (toes of the back leg should be at the same level as the heel of the front leg)..2.Keep your weight on the back leg as you bend your knees..3.Hold the position for the prescribed duration..Calves Exercise, Soleus Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a split stance. Make sure to keep your chest tall..2.Bring your rear knee to the floor or close to it..3.Drive through your front heel and your rear foot back to the starting position..Quads, Butt Exercise, How To Do A Split Squat, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, How to do Split Squat, Balance, Squat, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise, Split Squat"\n"The 'Stability Ball Atomic Push Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place feet on a stability ball, hands on the floor in a push-up position..2.Lower your chest toward the floor, then push up while tucking knees toward your chest..3.Extend legs back to starting position, maintaining control and stability throughout the movement..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Glute Bridge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by lying flat on your back with your feet resting on top of a ball..2.Push through your heels and raise your hips towards the ceiling, keeping your feet flat on the bar..3.Engage your glutes at the top of the movement, pause briefly and then lower your hips back down to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Goblet Wall Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'dumbbells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a stability ball against a wall at about hip height..2.Hold a dumbbell in a goblet position..3.Break at the hips and knees until you hit parallel or just below, then squat back up..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Dumbbell Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, heels on a stability ball, arms flat, and core engaged..2.Lift hips, curl the ball toward you using your hamstrings, keeping control and balance..3.Extend legs back to start while keeping hips lifted, then repeat for desired reps..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-maximus' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor, place upper back on a stability ball, feet flat, knees bent..2.Drive hips upward by squeezing glutes, forming a straight line from shoulders to knees..3.Lower hips slowly without touching the floor, maintaining core engagement, then repeat..Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Stability Ball Knee Tuck' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position with your feet on a stability ball and hands on the floor..2.Engage your core and tuck your knees toward your chest, rolling the ball forward carefully..3.Extend your legs back to the starting position, maintaining balance and control throughout the movement..Bodyweight Fitness, Lower Abdominals Exercise, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Pike' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet on the ball and get in to a plank position..2.Pull your hips straight up toward the ceiling..3.Lower your hips until you're back in a plank position..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Push Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hands firmly on the ground, directly under shoulders. Place your feet on the stability ball..2.Flatten your back so your entire body is straight and slowly lower your body.3.Draw shoulder blades back and down, keeping elbows tucked close to your body.4.Exhale as you push back to the starting position..Bodyweight Fitness, Pec Exercise, At Home Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Reverse Hyperextension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie face down on a stability ball, hands on the floor, legs extended straight..2.Engage glutes and lower back, raising legs until aligned with your torso..3.Slowly lower legs back down without touching the ground, maintaining core engagement. Repeat..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, Glute Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Lower Back, At Home Exercise, Lower back Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Lower Back Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Side Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie sideways on a stability ball, feet anchored, hands behind head, core engaged..2.Crunch sideways by contracting obliques, bringing your upper body toward your hip..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Single Leg Hip Thrust' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on the ball, one foot on the ground..2.Lift one leg off the ground and engage your glutes to raise your hips up towards the ceiling..3.From this starting position, slowly lower your hips back down to the starting position..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Sissy Squat' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet hip-width apart, stability ball behind your back against a wall..2.Lean back onto the ball, bend knees forward, lowering slowly while keeping hips extended..3.Push through toes, straighten legs, and return to standing while maintaining balance and control..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Quads Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Stability Ball Stir The Pot' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel behind a stability ball, place forearms on top, and engage your core muscles..2.Lift knees, balance on toes, and slowly move forearms in small controlled circles..3.Maintain a stable torso, avoid excessive movement, and reverse direction after several rotations..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Straight Leg Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, heels on a stability ball, legs straight, arms by your sides..2.Press through your heels, lift hips, engage glutes and core, forming a straight line..3.Slowly lower hips, maintaining control, then repeat for reps..Glutes Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, At Home Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness"\n"The 'Stability Ball V Up Pass' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, holding a stability ball between your feet, arms extended overhead..2.Engage your core, lift your legs and arms, passing the ball from feet to hands..3.Lower arms and legs back down, then repeat, passing the ball back to feet..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Wall Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with feet shoulder-width apart, placing a stability ball between your lower back and wall..2.Slowly squat down by bending knees to 90 degrees, keeping back straight and core engaged..3.Press through heels, straighten legs, and return to standing while maintaining balance and control..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Stability Ball Windshield Wiper' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back, legs extended, stability ball between your feet, arms out for support..2.Engage your core, lift your legs, and rotate them side to side in a controlled motion..3.Keep your upper body stable, move slowly, and return to center before switching directions..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Standing Forward Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart..2.Hinge forward at your hips, reaching your hands towards the ground..3.Allow your head to hang heavy and feel a stretch in the back of your legs..4.Hold for a few breaths and then slowly roll up to a standing position..Uttanasana, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise, How to do Standing Forward Bend, Standing Forward Bend, Hamstrings Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Fitness, How To Do A Standing Forward Bend"\n"The 'Standing Forward Bend Blocks' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand with your feet hip-width apart and place a block on the ground in front of you..2.Hinge forward at your hips and place your hands on the block..3.Allow your head to hang heavy and feel a stretch in the back of your legs..4.Hold for a few breaths and then slowly roll up to a standing position..How To Do A Standing Forward Bend Blocks, Uttanasana, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Standing Forward Bend with Blocks, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Standing Forward Bend Blocks, Yoga Fitness, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Standing Knee Raise Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'rectus-femoris' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight and with a good posture..2.Shift your weight onto the supporting leg while driving the other knee..3.Your thigh should be parallel to the ground..Rectus Femoris Exercise, Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Standing Mini-Band Hip Flexion' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, rectus-femoris' and requires 'band'. Instructions and tips: 1.Wrap a loop band around your feet..2.Drive a knee upwards till your thigh is parallel to the ground..3.Pause for a moment and then return to the starting position..4.Try to maintain balance and a good posture when raising the knee..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Rectus Femoris Exercise"\n"The 'Standing Shoulder Abduction' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight holding a dowel. The stretching arms palm should face forward.2.Push the dowel to the side with the opposite arm..3.This in turn will raise the stretching arm over the head.."\n"The 'Standing Shoulder Flexion Mobility' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.From the standing position grab the dowel with one arm, thumb on top, in front of the centre of your body..2.Grab the dowel with your other arm to the side and behind your body..3.The arm that is back, guides the other in front of you and into the overhead position.."\n"The 'Standing Tibialis Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'tibialis' and requires 'barbell'. Instructions and tips: 1.Step on the plate, and place barbell on your back..2.Raise your toes straight toward the ceiling..3.Try holding at the top for a few seconds then bring your toes back down to the floor..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Tibialis Exercise"\n"The 'Stationary Bike' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the handles and maintain a neutral spine..2.Pedal at a moderate pace and try to minimise rocking back and forth..Quad Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Supine Twist Lying' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down on your back with your arms stretched out to your sides..2.Bend your right knee and bring it towards your chest..3.Slowly twist your body to the left side, bringing your right knee across your body towards the ground on the left side..4.Look towards your right hand and hold the pose for a few breaths before switching sides..How to do Supine Twist Lying, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, How To Do A Supine Twist Lying, Supine Twist, Supta Matsyendrasana, Ab Exercise, Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Yoga"\n"The 'Supported Matsyasana Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor with your legs stretched out in front of you..2.Place a yoga block behind you, horizontally, at the base of your spine..3.Slowly recline over the block, supporting yourself with your forearms, until your back is resting on the block..4.Relax your arms at your sides, palms facing up, and breathe deeply..beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, Yoga, Matsyasana, Pec Exercise, How to do Supported Matsyasana Pose, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Pecs, Supported Matsyasana Pose, Chest Exercise, How To Do A Supported Matsyasana Pose"\n"The 'Swing To Upright Row' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, hamstrings, glutes, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'kettlebells'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start with a kettlebell between your legs, hinge at hips, swing it upward..2.Lift kettlebell to chest level, elbows high, engaging shoulders..3.Lower kettlebell back down, maintaining control. Repeat for desired reps..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Kettlebells, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Kettlebell Exercise"\n"The 'Switch Jump Mountain Climber' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position with hands under shoulders..2.Jump one foot forward, switch legs mid-air..3.Alternate legs quickly, maintaining a steady plank..Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Ab Rollout' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the TRX handles with both hands, keeping your arms extended and your shoulders away from your ears..2.Keep your abs engaged, roll forward onto your toes, and extend your arms in front of you..3.Slowly lower your body down to the ground, keeping your arms straight and your abs engaged..4.When your head gets between your arms, pause for a moment and then use your abs to pull your body back up to the starting position..rollout, advanced TRX exercise, How To Do A TRX Ab Rollout, advanced exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, ab, How to do TRX Ab Rollout, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the TRX straps under your arms and the handles in your armpits..2.Lean forward against the straps..3.Keep your body straight and initiate the calf raise by raising your heels off the ground..trx, How To Do A TRX Calf Raise, Total Resistance Exercise, Leg Exercise, TRX, calf raise, TRX Exercise, Calves Exercise, Calves, How to do TRX Calf Raise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the TRX straps with an underhand grip and lean back and away from the anchor point..2.Keep your elbows high as you flex your elbows. Pull your fists toward your forehead..How to do TRX Curl, Total Resistance Exercise, curl, TRX, Bicep Exercise, beginner TRX exercise, TRX Exercise, biceps, Arm Exercise, How To Do A TRX Curl, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Curtsy Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from the anchor point, holding onto the TRX handles with both hands..2.Step your left foot behind your right, crossing it behind your right leg, and lower yourself into a curtsy lunge..3.Push through your right foot to return to the starting position and repeat the movement with the other leg..Butt Exercise, How To Do A TRX Curtsy Lunge, Glutes Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, How to do TRX Curtsy Lunge, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Quad Exercise, curtsy, intermediate TRX exercise, Quads Exercise, lunge, glute medius"\n"The 'TRX Forearm Plank' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie face down on the ground and place your forearms on the ground directly under your shoulders..2.With your feet in the stirrups, kick both feet into the TRX straps and hold the handles above your head..3.Tighten your abs, glutes, and legs to form a straight line from your head to your feet..abs, Total Resistance Exercise, Abs Exercise, TRX, How to do TRX Forearm Plank, TRX Exercise, forearm plank, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, How To Do A TRX Forearm Plank, Abdominal Exercise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Forearm Side Plank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your side with your legs straight and your feet resting in the TRX foot cradles..2.Prop yourself up on your forearm and engage your core to maintain a straight line from your head to your feet..Obliques, How to do TRX Forearm Side Plank, How To Do A TRX Forearm Side Plank, Total Resistance Exercise, side plank, TRX, TRX Exercise, Obliques Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Glute Bridge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on your back with your feet in the foot cradles of the TRX straps, with your knees bent and feet flat on the ground..2.Place your arms by your sides with your palms facing down..3.Drive your hips up towards the ceiling, squeezing your glutes and hamstrings at the top of the movement..How To Do A TRX Glute Bridge, How to do TRX Glute Bridge, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, Glute Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, glutes, bridge, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the TRX straps and lean away from the anchor point..2.Maintain a neutral grip. Flex your elbows and pull your fists to either sides of your temples..How to do TRX Hammer Curl, Biceps Exercise, How To Do A TRX Hammer Curl, Total Resistance Exercise, biceps, TRX, TRX Exercise, Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Hamstring Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, medial-hamstrings' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by facing the TRX straps and positioning yourself in a push-up position with your hands on the ground and your feet in the TRX foot cradles..2.Keeping your core engaged and body in a straight line, bend your knees and bring your heels towards your glutes..3.Pause for a moment at the top of the movement, then slowly lower your legs back to the starting position..hamstring curl, Total Resistance Exercise, How To Do A TRX Hamstring Curl, Hamstring Exercise, Leg Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, How to do TRX Hamstring Curl, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Hand Plank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by facing away from the TRX straps and placing your feet in the TRX handles with your palms on the ground..2.Lift your knees off the ground to begin the set..3.Engage your core and maintain this position for the desired amount of time, holding a steady plank..plank, How to do TRX Hand Plank, How To Do A TRX Hand Plank, Total Resistance Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, intermediate TRX exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'TRX I Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the TRX straps and hold onto the handles with an overhand grip, keeping your arms straight and hands slightly wider than shoulder-width apart..2.Keeping your core engaged, slowly raise your arms forward until they are overhead..3.Pause for a moment at the top of the movement, then slowly lower your arms back to the starting position..front raise, Total Resistance Exercise, How to do TRX I Raise, How To Do A TRX I Raise, TRX, delts, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, beginner TRX exercise, TRX Exercise, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Jumping Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the TRX straps and place your feet shoulder-width apart..2.Begin by lowering into a squat position by bending at the knees and hips, keeping your back straight and chest up..3.Explosively jump up off the ground, using your arms for momentum if desired..4.Land softly back in the squat position, making sure to absorb the impact with your legs..jumping, Butt Exercise, How to do TRX Jumping Squat, Glutes Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, Leg Exercise, How To Do A TRX Jumping Squat, Glute Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Quad Exercise, Quads Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, explosive"\n"The 'TRX Knee Tuck' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet in the TRX stirrups and get in to a hand plank position..2.Pull your knees to your chest and flex your abs..abs, How to do TRX Knee Tuck, Total Resistance Exercise, Abs Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, knee tuck, How To Do A TRX Knee Tuck, Abdominal Exercise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Kneeling Ab Rollout' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a kneeling position with the TRX straps adjusted to mid-calf length..2.Grasp the TRX handles with both hands, keeping your arms extended and your shoulders away from your ears..3.Keep your abs engaged, roll forward onto your toes, and extend your arms in front of you..4.Slowly lower your body down to the ground, keeping your arms straight and your abs engaged..How to do TRX Kneeling Ab Rollout, Total Resistance Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, ab rollout, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, intermediate TRX exercise, How To Do A TRX Kneeling Ab Rollout, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Lateral Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grasp the TRX handles with both hands and extend your arms straight in front of you..2.Step laterally to one side, keeping your arms extended and your core engaged..3.Lower your body into a lunge position, keeping your front knee bent at a 90-degree angle and your back leg straight..4.Push off your front foot to return to the starting position, keeping your arms extended and your core engaged..hip adductor, Butt Exercise, How to do TRX Lateral Lunge, Glutes Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, Quads Exercise, glutes, How To Do A TRX Lateral Lunge"\n"The 'TRX Mountain Climber' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a plank position with the TRX straps adjusted to mid-calf length. Place your feet in the TRX stirrups..2.Keep your abs engaged, and bring one knee towards your chest while keeping the other leg extended behind you..3.Switch legs, bringing the opposite knee towards your chest while keeping your abs engaged and your back straight..abs, How To Do A TRX Mountain Climber, Total Resistance Exercise, Abs Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, How to do TRX Mountain Climber, Abdominal Exercise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Oblique Crunch' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet in the TRX stirrups and get in to a hand plank position..2.Pull both knees to your right elbow..3.Extend your legs back to the starting position, then pull both knees to the left elbow..Total Resistance Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, How to do TRX Oblique Crunch, Obliques, How To Do A TRX Oblique Crunch"\n"The 'TRX Pec Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Position yourself facing away from the TRX anchor point, holding one handle in each hand with an overhand grip. Straighten your arms in front of you at chest height, palms facing each other.2.Lean forward so your body is at a slight angle, maintaining a straight line from your head to your heels. The more you lean, the more challenging the exercise will be. Keep a slight bend in your elbows throughout the movement.3.Slowly open your arms out to the sides in a wide arc, as if you're hugging a large tree. Feel the stretch across your chest as you control the descent.4.Once your arms are extended to your sides and you feel a good stretch in your chest, use your chest muscles to pull your arms back together in a controlled arc to the starting position. Focus on squeezing your chest.5.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions, maintaining core engagement and a stable plank position throughout the movement.intermediate TRX exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, chest, TRX, How to do TRX Pec Fly, TRX Exercise, Pec Exercise, Pecs, How To Do A TRX Pec Fly, Chest Exercise, pecs"\n"The 'TRX Pike' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your feet in the stirrups and get in to a plank position..2.Pull your hips straight up toward the ceiling..3.Lower your hips until you're back in a plank position..abs, pike, Total Resistance Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, How to do TRX Pike, Abdominals Exercise, Abs, intermediate TRX exercise, Abdominal Exercise, How To Do A TRX Pike, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Pushup' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Adjust the TRX straps so the handles hang around mid-calf height. Stand facing away from the anchor point, grasp the handles with an overhand grip, and place your feet on the ground, shoulder-width apart.2.Walk your feet back until your body is in a plank position, maintaining a straight line from your head to your heels. The more vertical your body (feet closer to the anchor), the easier it will be; the more horizontal (feet further away), the harder.3.Keeping your core engaged and your body in a straight line, slowly lower your chest towards the floor by bending your elbows. Your elbows should flare out slightly to the sides or track backward depending on your preference.4.Descend until your chest is between or slightly below your hands, feeling a stretch in your chest and shoulders.5.Push back up to the starting plank position by extending your arms, focusing on engaging your chest and triceps. Maintain control throughout the movement and avoid sagging your hips.6.Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.Total Resistance Exercise, pushup, Pecs, TRX, pecs, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulder Exercise, How To Do A TRX Pushup, beginner TRX exercise, TRX Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pec Exercise, How to do TRX Pushup, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from the TRX straps and grab the handles with both hands..2.Step forward so that your body is in a plank position, with your arms straight and your body in a straight line from your head to your heels..3.Keeping your arms straight, slowly lift your arms out to the side, keeping them at the same height as your shoulders. Your body should form a ""T"" shape..Total Resistance Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, posterior delt, TRX, How To Do A TRX Rear Delt Fly, Shoulder Exercise, TRX Exercise, rear delts, Shoulders Exercise, How to do TRX Rear Delt Fly"\n"The 'TRX Rear Delt Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing away from the TRX straps and grab the handles with both hands..2.Step away so your body is leaning away from the anchor point..3.Flex your elbows and pull your elbows straight back behind your body..4.Make sure to keep your elbows flared outward..Total Resistance Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, posterior deltoid, TRX, Shoulder Exercise, beginner TRX exercise, TRX Exercise, rear delts, How to do TRX Rear Delt Row, How To Do A TRX Rear Delt Row, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Reverse Curl' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing the TRX straps and grasp the handles with both hands, palms facing away from your body..2.Walk back until the straps are taut, keeping your arms straight..3.Slowly curl your hands towards your shoulders, keeping your elbows close to your body..forearms, Total Resistance Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, TRX, How To Do A TRX Reverse Curl, Bicep Exercise, TRX Exercise, biceps, Biceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, How to do TRX Reverse Curl"\n"The 'TRX Reverse Lunge' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold on to the TRX straps and step away until the strap is taut..2.Step backwards with one leg in to a lunge position and gently tap your knee to the floor..3.Lunge back to the starting position and repeat with the other leg..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, How To Do A TRX Reverse Lunge, Total Resistance Exercise, Glute Exercise, Leg Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Quad Exercise, quads, Quads Exercise, glutes, How to do TRX Reverse Lunge, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Rotating Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the TRX straps and lean away from the anchor point until the strap is taut..2.Start with an overhand grip. Pull your elbows back and rotate your grip..3.By the time your elbows reach your side, your palms should be facing upwards..row, How to do TRX Rotating Row, Total Resistance Exercise, Lats Exercise, TRX, How To Do A TRX Rotating Row, TRX Exercise, lats, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Single Arm row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the TRX strap with one hand..2.Lean back until the strap is taut. Fully extend your elbow..3.Pull your elbow behind the body. Make sure to avoid twisting. Try to keep your shoulders even..single arm row, Total Resistance Exercise, intermediate TRX exercise, TRX, Lats Exercise, TRX Exercise, How To Do A TRX Single Arm row, How to do TRX Single Arm row"\n"The 'TRX Skullcrusher' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the two TRX straps and lean forward. The straps should be over each shoulder..2.Keep your elbows tucked in and then flex and extend at the elbows..How to do TRX Skullcrusher, Tricep Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, triceps, TRX, How To Do A TRX Skullcrusher, TRX Exercise, Arm Exercise, long head, Triceps Exercise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Split Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the two TRX straps and step away until the straps are taut. Take a split stance..2.Bring your back knee to the floor and gently tap the floor..3.Use your arms and the TRX to help assist you getting back into the starting position..Butt Exercise, How to do TRX Split Squat, How To Do A TRX Split Squat, Glutes Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, Split Squat, TRX, TRX Exercise, Quads Exercise, assisted, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX Squat' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the two TRX straps and lean away from the anchor point..2.Flex at the hips and knees in to a squat position..3.You can use your arms and the straps to assist you back into the starting position..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, TRX, How to do TRX Squat, TRX Exercise, Assisted Squat, Quads Exercise, How To Do A TRX Squat, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'TRX W Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the TRX straps and lean away from the anchor point..2.Pull your elbows back while externally rotating your shoulder joint. Your arms should make a W shape at the back portion of the exercise..Total Resistance Exercise, Posterior Deltoid Exercise, How to do TRX W Raise, TRX, Shoulder Exercise, beginner TRX exercise, TRX Exercise, How To Do A TRX W Raise, Rear Delts, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'TRX Y Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'trx'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the TRX straps and lean away from the anchor point until the straps are taut..2.Keep both elbows mostly extended and raise both arms out and upwards..3.You should make a Y shape with your arms during the back portion of the exercise..Shoulder Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Y Raise, How To Do A TRX Y Raise, Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Total Resistance Exercise, TRX, TRX Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, How to do TRX Y Raise, beginner TRX exercise"\n"The 'Table Top Pose Variation 1' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a tabletop position on your hands and knees with your hands directly under your shoulders and your knees directly under your hips..2.Turn your hands so that your fingers are pointing towards the sides of your mat and the tops of your hands are on the floor..3.Keep your arms straight and your shoulders away from your ears..4.Hold the pose for several breaths or as long as is comfortable..beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Table Top Pose Variation 1, Yoga Exercises, Forearm Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, How to do Table Top Pose Variation 1, Forearms Exercise, Table Top Pose, Yoga"\n"The 'Table Top Pose Variation 2' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a tabletop position on your hands and knees with your hands directly under your shoulders and your knees directly under your hips..2.Turn your hands so that your fingers are pointing towards your knees and the tops of your hands are on the floor..3.Keep your arms straight and your shoulders away from your ears..4.Hold the pose for several breaths or as long as is comfortable..beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Table Top Pose Variation 2, Yoga, How To Do A Table Top Pose Variation 2, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Table Top Pose Variation 3' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Come onto your hands and knees on the mat with your wrists directly under your shoulders and your knees under your hips..2.Turn your palms down and spread your fingers wide, with your fingertips pointing towards your knees..3.Press into your palms and extend your arms fully to lift your shoulders away from your ears..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, and then release by slowly lowering your hands to the mat and coming back to a neutral tabletop position..beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Forearm Exercise, How to do Table Top Pose Variation 3, How To Do A Table Top Pose Variation 3, Yoga Fitness, Bharmanasana, Yoga Pose, Forearms Exercise, Table Top Pose, Yoga"\n"The 'Thoracic Extensions Foam Roller' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a foam roller on the floor perpendicular to your body..2.Sit and lie back onto it aiming for your mid back to be in contact with the roller..3.Gently tilt your hips backward, squeeze glutes and engage core to protect the lower back..4.Support head on palms, elbows rotated in. Slightly lift hips off the ground..Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Thoracic Flexion And Extensions' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps, shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bring yourself on all 4's. Push the ground away from you, rounding back and shoulders as much as possible..2.To enhance the spine flexion suck the belly button in and tuck the tailbone (coccyx) under. Hold this position for a brief moment.3.Now do the exact opposite, try to bend the spine backwards. Go back and forth on these positions.Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Thread The Needle Hip Over Knees' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start on your hands and knees in a tabletop position..2.Slide your right knee up between your hands and place your right foot close to your left wrist..3.Take your left leg back and lower it down to the ground, keeping your toes tucked..4.Twist your torso to the right and reach your right arm underneath your left arm, threading the needle. Hold for a few breaths, then switch sides..Thread The Needle, Thread The Needle Hip Over Knee, Trapezius Exercise, Yoga, Traps Exercise, Yoga Pose, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, How to do Thread The Needle Hip Over Knees, Parsva Balasana, How To Do A Thread The Needle Hip Over Knees, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Tip Toe Walking' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Point your toes into the floor..2.Slowly walk forwards and backward.3.Keep your heels in the air as long as possible while walking..4.It may be beneficial to do this last at the end of your workout..Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Tip Toe Walking, Calves Exercise, At Home Exercise, Calves, How To Do A Tip Toe Walking, Bodyweight Exercise"\n"The 'Toe Tap' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals, lower-abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand in front of a low box..2.Bring one foot to the edge of the box and alternate as quickly as possible..3.Only lightly tap your feet to the box..How To Do A Toe Tap, How to do Toe Tap, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Towel Knee Extension' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor and use your palms to lean back into..2.Place a rolled towel under your knee so it is slightly bent..3.Try to squeeze the towel between the back of your knee and the ground by extending the leg..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Towel Knee Extension Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the floor and use your palms to lean back into..2.Place a rolled towel under your knee so it is slightly bent..3.Try to squeeze the towel between the back of your knee and the ground by extending the leg..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Traps Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet shoulder width apart..2.Place your left hand on your head and gently pull your head down towards your left shoulder. Then return to centre point..3.Repeat, using your right hand pulling towards your right shoulder..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, Trapezius Exercise, Traps Exercise, How To Do A Traps Stretch Variation One, How to do Traps Stretch Variation One"\n"The 'Traps Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet shoulder width apart..2.Nod your head forward, bringing your chin to your chest..3.You will feel the stretch across your neck..beginner Stretches exercise, How To Do A Traps Stretch Variation Three, Fitness Stretch, Trapezius Exercise, Traps Exercise, How to do Traps Stretch Variation Three"\n"The 'Traps Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand upright with your feet shoulder width apart..2.Keeping your chest facing forward, turn your head 90 degrees to the left. Then return to centre point..3.Repeat, turning your head in the other direction..How To Do A Traps Stretch Variation Two, Fitness Stretch, Trapezius Exercise, beginner Stretches exercise, How to do Traps Stretch Variation Two, Traps Exercise"\n"The 'Treadmill Backwards Walk' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Face the opposite direction on the treadmill..2.Hold on to the arms to find your balance..3.Walk backwards pushing your toes through the front of your shoes..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Treadmill Jog' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get the treadmill up to a comfortable speed where you are doing a light jog.."\n"The 'Treadmill Side Shuffle' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes, gluteus-medius' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Face sideways on the treadmill..2.Take a quarter squat position with a wide stance..3.Shuffle sideways for a specified amount of time, then switch sides..Glutes Exercise, Butt Exercise, Gluteus Medius Exercise, Glute Exercise"\n"The 'Treadmill Sprint' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get the treadmill up to a speed where you are doing a sprint.."\n"The 'Treadmill Walk' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, hamstrings, glutes, calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get the treadmill up to a comfortable speed where you are doing a walk.."\n"The 'Tree Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in mountain pose, standing with your feet hip-width apart and arms at your sides..2.Shift your weight onto your left foot and bend your right knee, bringing the sole of your right foot to the inside of your left thigh..3.Bring your hands together in front of your heart, or raise them overhead..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, then release and repeat on the other side..Vrikshasana, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, How to do Tree Pose, Pec Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Tree Pose, How To Do A Tree Pose, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Triceps Stretch Variation One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Raise your left arm above your head, and bend at the elbow so your hand is resting at the top of your back..2.Use the opposite hand to gently apply pressure to the elbow..3.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then repeat with the other arm..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Triceps Stretch Variation One, Arm Exercise, How To Do A Triceps Stretch Variation One, Triceps Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Triceps Stretch Variation Three' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Bend your left arm so your hand is at your shoulder, and hold your elbow with the opposite hand..2.Gently push on your elbow so it is raised by your head..3.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then repeat with the other arm..beginner Stretches exercise, Fitness Stretch, How to do Triceps Stretch Variation Three, Arm Exercise, Triceps Exercise, How To Do A Triceps Stretch Variation Three, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Triceps Stretch Variation Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'triceps' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a band so it is in line with your spine. Hold the top with your right hand and the bottom with your left..2.Keeping the top still, pull down on the band..3.Hold the stretch for a few seconds then repeat with the other arm..How To Do A Triceps Stretch Variation Two, How to do Triceps Stretch Variation Two, Fitness Stretch, beginner Stretches exercise, Tricep Exercise, Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise"\n"The 'Ulnar Deviations' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand up straight holding a dowel/lever/weight in one hand..2.Hold the weight so it points behind you and towards the ground..3.Squeeze your grip to raise the weight..Forearm Exercise, Forearms Exercise"\n"The 'Underhand Pulldown' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the Straight Bar attachment. Hold with an underhand grip..2.Hold the attachment as you sit on the machine and put your legs under the leg pads..3.Pull the bar to your clavicle, then raise back up until your arm are extended..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Urdhva Dhanurasana Wheel Pose' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie down on your back with your feet hip-distance apart and your knees bent..2.Place your hands on the floor beside your head, fingertips pointing towards your shoulders..3.Push your feet and hands into the floor, lift your hips up and straighten your arms..4.Lift your chest towards the ceiling and hold the pose for a few breaths before lowering back down..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Urdhva Dhanurasana, beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Upward Facing Bow Pose, Yoga Fitness, Abs Exercise, Abdominals Exercise, Yoga, How To Do A Urdhva Dhanurasana Wheel Pose, How to do Urdhva Dhanurasana Wheel Pose"\n"The 'Vajrasana Variation 1' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a kneeling position with your knees together and your shins and feet on the floor..2.Sit back on your heels and place your palms face down on your thighs, with your fingers pointing towards your knees..3.Relax your shoulders and take deep breaths..4.Hold the pose for several breaths or as long as is comfortable..beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Vajrasana Variation 1, Yoga, How To Do A Vajrasana Variation 1, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Forearms Exercise, Forearm Exercise, Yoga Fitness, Vajrasana Seated Variation"\n"The 'Vajrasana Variation 2' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start by kneeling on the floor with your knees together. Tuck your toes under so the balls of your feet and your toes are on the ground, and your heels are lifted.2.Slowly and gently sit your hips back onto your heels. Your buttocks should be resting on your heels, with your toes tucked under. Ensure your knees remain together.3.Once comfortably balanced, keep your spine long and chest lifted. You can place your hands gently on your thighs or in your lap, one hand on top of the other.4.Focus on your breath, inhaling and exhaling slowly and deeply. You will feel an intense stretch in the soles of your feet and toes.5.Hold the pose for a comfortable duration, starting with 30 seconds to 1 minute, and gradually increasing as your flexibility improves. If the stretch is too intense, you can place a folded blanket or thin cushion under your knees or shins to reduce pressure.6.To release, slowly lean forward onto your hands, gently release your toes, and then carefully sit back on your heels in a more relaxed kneeling position, or move into Child's Pose (Balasana) to counter-stretch."\n"The 'Vertical Leg Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'machine'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on the pad and place your feet on the foot plate..2.Lift the plate up and disengage the holding hook..3.Lower the weight. Stop before your lower back rounds off the pad..4.Press the weight back to the starting position..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Arnold Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with your palms facing yourself..2.As you press, rotate your arms..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Belt Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Set up the Vitruvian, including a the provided belt..2.Position yourself with feet shoulder-width apart on the Vitruvian.3.Perform the squat by bending at the knees and hips, lowering your body until thighs are parallel to the ground..4.Return to the starting position by extending your knees and hips, pushing through your feet..Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Bench Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay on the flat bench..2.Tuck your elbows slightly, press the handles toward the ceiling..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Crunch' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the rope attachment and lay flat..2.Flex your spine and curl your upper back off the ground..Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Deficit Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with both feet on the platform..2.Step backwards and bring your back knee to the floor..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Figure Four Hip Thrust' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Wear the belt attachment..2.Cross one leg over the other, and then press your hips toward the ceiling..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Front Squat' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the bar attachment..2.Place the bar over your front delts and cross your arms..3.Push your hips back and aim to hit parallel depth..Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Hammer Curl' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold a neutral grip..2.Flex your elbows until your forearms touch your biceps..3.Extend your elbows fully to finish each rep..Arm Exercise, Bicep Exercise, Biceps Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Hip Thrust' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Put your back on the bench..2.Place the bar or belt over your hips..3.Flex and extend your hips fully on each rep..Glute Exercise, Butt Exercise, Glutes Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Kneeling Wood Chopper' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the attachment with both hands and take a kneeling position..2.Rotate across your body..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Lateral Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall with a neutral grip..2.Raise your arms to the side and keep your elbows mostly extended..Lateral Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Overhead Press' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'lateral-deltoid, anterior-deltoid' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the handle attachments with your fists to the sky and elbows toward the floor..2.Press the handles to the ceiling..Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Pec Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lay flat on the bench..2.Keep your elbows mostly extended and lower your arms toward the floor..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Vitruvian Push Up' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Use the belt attachment. Take a pushup position..2.Have your elbows at a 45 degree angle. Break at the elbows until your upper arm gets to your side..3.And then push up..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Vitruvian Rear Delt Fly' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'posterior-deltoid' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the two handles and hinge forward..2.Keep your elbows mostly extended and raise your arms straight out to the side..Posterior Deltoid Exercise, Shoulders Exercise, Shoulder Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Romanian Deadlift' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes, forearms' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take an overhand grip..2.Keep your knees mostly extended and hinge forward at the hips..3.Keep a flat back..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold bosu and hinge forward..2.Pull bosu towards chest, squeezing shoulder blades..Bosu, How to do Row, Lats Exercise, How To Do A Row"\n"The 'Vitruvian Seated Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Sit on the bench with the bar attachment over your legs..2.Raise your heels up to the ceiling..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves"\n"The 'Vitruvian Shrug' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'traps' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand tall and hold the two handle attachments..2.Pull your shoulder blades straight up toward the ceiling..Traps Exercise, Trapezius Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Side Bend' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold one of the handle attachments..2.Stand upright, lean to the opposing side of the cable..Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques"\n"The 'Vitruvian Single Arm Row' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a staggered stance and hinge forward..2.Grab one of the handle attachments and pull your elbow toward the ceiling..Lats Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Single Leg Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold medicine ball while standing on one leg..2.Hinge forward on one leg, extending other leg behind..3.Return to starting position. Repeat on other leg..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Single Leg Deadlift, Hamstring Exercise, How To Do A Single Leg Deadlift"\n"The 'Vitruvian Staggered Deadlift' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings, glutes' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place one foot firmly on the ground and one foot behind the other. Bend the knee on your back leg..2.Hinge forward until you feel a stretch in your front leg..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Standing Calf Raise' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the two handles and stand tall..2.Raise your heels as high as possible..Calves, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise"\n"The 'Vitruvian Windmill' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'vitruvian'. Instructions and tips: 1.Hold the attachment in one hand and raise your arm over head..2.Turn one foot outward and one foot forward..3.Lean to the side while reaching for your foot..Obliques, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Walk Your Downward Dog' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a downward-facing dog position with your hands shoulder-width apart and your feet hip-width apart..2.Walk your feet towards your hands, bending your knees as needed to allow your heels to touch the mat..3.Press your palms and fingers into the mat and lift your hips up towards the ceiling to deepen the stretch in your hamstrings and calves..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, and then release by slowly walking your hands back out to a downward-facing dog position..beginner Yoga exercise, Yoga, Leg Exercise, How To Do A Walk Your Downward Dog, Calves Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, How to do Walk Your Downward Dog, Calves, Walk Your Downward Dog, Adho Mukha Svanasana, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Walking Calf Raises' is a 'Beginner' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'calves, gastrocnemius' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Walk forward and push your toe into the ground.2.Lift you heel off the ground each step and tense your calf muscle.3.Repeat on each leg and walk forward slowly.Bodyweight Fitness, beginner Bodyweight exercise, How to do Walking Calf Raises, Leg Exercise, Calves Exercise, At Home Exercise, Calves, Bodyweight Exercise, How To Do A Walking Calf Raises"\n"The 'Walking Lunge' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Cardio' exercise that targets the 'quads, glutes' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Take a step forward shifting your weight onto the front leg..2.Bend the knee of the front leg so the knee of the back leg comes close to the ground..3.Stand up and go into lunging with the opposite leg..Butt Exercise, Bodyweight Fitness, Glutes Exercise, Leg Exercise, Glute Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Wall Angels' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'shoulders' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand against a wall with your back flat, arms at 90 by your sides..2.Slowly raise arms overhead, keeping elbows and wrists in contact with the wall..3.Lower arms back down to starting position, maintaining constant wall contact throughout.."\n"The 'Wall Sit' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Press your back against a wall, feet shoulder-width apart..2.Lower into a squat position, thighs parallel to the floor, knees above ankles..3.Hold the position, maintaining tension in your core and legs..Bodyweight Fitness, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise, At Home Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Quads Exercise"\n"The 'Wall Supported Dorsal Flexion' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'tibialis' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lean against a wall, raise your toes and balance on your heels for the given duration..2.Maintain a good upper body form..Calves Exercise, Leg Exercise, Calves, Tibialis Exercise"\n"The 'Warrior One' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in mountain pose, standing with your feet hip-width apart and arms at your sides..2.Step your left foot back about 3-4 feet and turn it slightly inward, while keeping your right foot facing forward..3.Inhale and raise your arms overhead, then exhale and bend your right knee, bringing it directly over your ankle..4.Hold the pose for a few breaths, then inhale and return to mountain pose. Repeat on the other side..Virahbadrasana, How To Do A Warrior One, beginner Yoga exercise, Warrior 1, Yoga, How to do Warrior One, Pec Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Warrior One, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Warrior Three' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in mountain pose, standing with your feet hip-width apart and arms at your sides..2.Step your left foot back about 3-4 feet and raise it off the ground, while keeping your right foot facing forward..3.Inhale and reach your arms forward, parallel to the ground..4.Exhale and hinge forward at your hips, bringing your torso parallel to the ground and extending your left leg straight back. Keep your arms and right leg straight and hold the pose for a few breaths.5.inhale and return to mountain pose. Repeat on the other side..Hamstrings Exercise, Leg Exercise, How to do Warrior Three, Yoga Exercises, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, Yoga Pose, Virahbadrasana, Hamstring Exercise, Warrior Three, Yoga, Warrior 3, How To Do A Warrior Three"\n"The 'Warrior Two' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in mountain pose, standing with your feet hip-width apart and arms at your sides..2.Step your left foot back about 3-4 feet and turn it slightly inward, while keeping your right foot facing forward..3.Inhale and raise your arms to shoulder height, parallel to the ground, with your palms facing down..4.Exhale and bend your right knee, bringing it directly over your ankle while keeping your left leg straight..5.Look over your right hand and hold the pose for a few breaths, then inhale and return to mountain pose. Repeat on the other side..Virahbadrasana, How to do Warrior Two, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Warrior Two, Warrior Two, Yoga, Pec Exercise, Warrior 2, Yoga Exercises, Yoga Pose, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Yoga Fitness"\n"The 'Weighted Chin Ups' is a 'Advanced' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'biceps, forearms' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Grab the bar shoulder width apart with a supinated grip (palms facing you). Use a dip belt and the let the weight hang between your legs..2.With your body hanging and arms fully extended, pull yourself up until your chin is past the bar..3.Slowly return to starting position. Repeat..Lats Exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Weighted Diamond Push Ups' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'triceps, lateral-head-triceps, medial-head-triceps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place a plate on your back. Position your index fingers and thumbs so they are touching, forming a diamond shape..2.Use a standard push up position.3.Lower your chest towards your hands, keep your elbows close to your body.4.Stop just before your chest touches the floor, then push back up to the starting position..Triceps Exercise, Arm Exercise, Tricep Exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Weighted Forearm Plank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Get into a kneeling position with both forearms pressed into the ground..2.Place a weight plate on your back (or have a partner do it for you)..3.Hold the plank for the allotted amount of time..plank, abs, Plate Exercise, intermediate Plate exercise, How To Do A Weighted Forearm Plank, How to do Weighted Forearm Plank, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Weighted Hand Plank' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a kneeling position with your hands planted on the ground..2.Place a weight plate on your back or have a friend do it for you..3.Pick your knees up off the ground. Hold in this position with a flat back..Abdominal Exercise, Abs, How to do Weighted Hand Plank, Abs Exercise, abs, plank, Abdominals Exercise, How To Do A Weighted Hand Plank, intermediate Plate exercise, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Weighted Knee Push Ups' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest, triceps' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Begin in a push-up position on your knees. Break at the elbow and shoulder joint..2.Lower your body, keeping elbows close..3.Push back up to the starting position..Plate Exercise, Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs"\n"The 'Weighted Plank Up Down' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'abdominals' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start from a plank position. Place a plate on your back..2.Go to one elbow then the other. Try to avoid rocking back and forth..Plate Exercise, Abs, Abdominals Exercise, Abdominal Exercise, Abs Exercise"\n"The 'Weighted Push Ups' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Place your hands firmly on the ground, directly under shoulders. Place a plate on your back..2.Flatten your back so your entire body is straight and slowly lower your body.3.Draw shoulder blades back and down, keeping elbows tucked close to your body.4.Exhale as you push back to the starting position..Pec Exercise, Chest Exercise, Pecs, Plate Exercise"\n"The 'Weighted Wall Sit' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'quads' and requires 'plate'. Instructions and tips: 1.Press your back against a wall, feet shoulder-width apart, holding weights at your sides..2.Lower into a squat position, thighs parallel to the floor, knees above ankles..3.Hold the position, maintaining tension in your core and legs..Plate Exercise, Quads Exercise, Leg Exercise, Quad Exercise"\n"The 'Wide Legged Forward Fall' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'anterior-deltoid' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start standing at the top of your mat with your feet wide apart..2.Interlace your fingers behind your back and inhale to expand your chest..3.Exhale and fold forward from your hips, bringing your hands up and over your head towards the ground..4.Hold for a few breaths and then release the hands and come back up to standing..How to do Wide Legged Forward Fall, Prasarita Padottanasana, beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Wide Legged Forward Fall, Yoga Exercises, Anterior Deltoid Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Fitness, Shoulder Exercise, Wide Legged Standing Forward Fall, Yoga, Shoulders Exercise"\n"The 'Wide Legged Standing Forward Bend Holding Heels' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'hamstrings' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start standing at the top of your mat with your feet wide apart..2.Start standing at the top of your mat with your feet wide apart..3.Exhale and fold forward from your hips, bringing your hands up and over your head towards the ground..4.Hold for a few breaths and then release the hands and come back up to standing..beginner Yoga exercise, How to do Wide Legged Standing Forward Bend Holding Heels, Yoga, Leg Exercise, Hamstrings Exercise, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Wide Legged Standing Forward Fall, How To Do A Wide Legged Standing Forward Bend Holding Heels, Prasarita Padottanasana, Yoga Fitness, Hamstring Exercise"\n"The 'Wild Thing Pose' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Start in a downward facing dog position..2.Shift your weight onto your left hand and foot, and lift your right leg towards the ceiling..3.Slowly bend your right knee and shift your weight onto your right hand as you open up your chest towards the ceiling..4.Look towards your right hand and hold the pose for a few breaths before switching sides..Camatkarasana, Wild Thing Pose, Yoga Exercises, intermediate Yoga exercise, Yoga Fitness, Yoga Pose, How to do Wild Thing Pose, Obliques Exercise, Ab Exercise, Obliques, How To Do A Wild Thing Pose, Yoga"\n"The 'Windshield Wiper' is a 'Intermediate' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'obliques' and requires 'bodyweight'. Instructions and tips: 1.Lie on back, arms out, legs together..2.Lift legs to 90 degrees..3.Rotate legs side to side, keeping shoulders grounded..Obliques, Bodyweight Fitness, At Home Exercise, Obliques Exercise, Bodyweight Exercise, Ab Exercise"\n"The 'Wrist Extensor Kneeling Hold' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-extensors' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Drape your forearm over a bench..2.Hold a dumbbell in a neutral wrist position with your palm facing downwards..Forearm Exercise, Forearms Exercise, Wrist Extensors Exercise"\n"The 'Wrist Extensor Mobilisation' is a 'Beginner' level 'Muscle Building' exercise that targets the 'forearms, wrist-extensors' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Kneel by a bench placing the arm you want to mobilise on, palm facing down..2.Bring a massage ball to the top of your forearm and move it around applying gentle pressure..3.Find the right/sore spot..4.You can move your wrist in various directions in order to mobilise your wrist extensors..Forearms Exercise, Wrist Extensors Exercise, Forearm Exercise"\n"The 'Yogi Arm Clock' is a 'Beginner' level 'Stretching' exercise that targets the 'chest' and requires 'None'. Instructions and tips: 1.Stand facing a wall with your arms extended and your palms pressing into the wall at shoulder height..2.Slowly begin to walk your feet away from the wall, keeping your arms straight and your hands pressing into the wall..3.Walk until your arms are fully extended and your body is at a 45-degree angle to the ground..4.Repeat From High to Low Angles starting above the shoulder, and ending below the chest..beginner Yoga exercise, How To Do A Yogi Arm Clock, Yoga, How to do Yogi Arm Clock, Yoga Pose, Yoga Exercises, Pec Exercise, Pecs, Chest Exercise, Yogi Arm Clock, Yoga Fitness"\n